May 5, 2015 by SAP News
ORLANDO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today unveiled the latest innovations in SAP Lumira and SAP Predictive Analytics software to enable customers to do even more with their data insights. In addition, David McCandless, author of Knowledge is Beautiful, unveiled a visual interactive for the Internet of Things (IoT). A version of the IoT visualization is anticipated to be ported into SAP Lumira to enable live interaction with the data. These announcements were made at SAPPHIRE NOW, being held May 5-7 in Orlando, Florida. “SAP is focused on end-to-end analytics and data management capabilities, because that’s what companies need to execute and thereby innovate,” said Steve Lucas, president, Platform Solutions, SAP. “Analytics solutions from SAP work together to provide a comprehensive, yet simple and integrated, analytics technology platform that propels customers’ ability to succeed.” SAP enables customers to analyze, predict and run their business in real time. Customers can achieve rapid insight to help close the gap between business transactions, data preparation, analysis and action. Some of the key features either currently available or planned for later this year in the SAP portfolio of analytics solutions include:  SAP Lumira software innovations:  Ability to deliver governed data discovery and agile visualization with business intelligence (BI) platform integration for enterprise and small and midsize enterprise (SME) customers with a new in-memory engine Smart insights with time series forecasting and outlier detection Extension manager for in-product SAP partner or personal visual extensions New crosstab capabilities for multidimensional analysis to easily swap rows and columns, display hierarchies and data formatting Ability to easily share beautiful insights with capabilities for chart zooming, new chart types and enhanced infographics with support for ESRI maps Big Data discovery and data wrangling with Hadoop, helping end users to access, prepare and mash with traditional data sources High performance and data mash-ups with SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) application data   SAP IT Operations Analytics software, a new solution for real-time data center insights to predict critical events SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio, which delivers self-service dashboards, geo-mapping, offline capabilities and integration with SAP Lumira The SAP Agile Data Preparation application, which enables everyone with the self-service ability to quickly discover, improve and combine data from multiple sources to drive better analytics SAP Predictive Analytics innovations, which bring together a single solution for data scientists and business analysts, making predictions simple, fast and accurate  In addition, digitally native in-application purchase capability for SAP Lumira is planned for mid-year. Concur, now part of SAP and a leader in spend management solutions and services, uses SAP Lumira for data visualization to find meaning in raw data. “SAP Lumira enables us to analyze, extract, wrangle, visualize and create stories around our data,” said Denny Lee, head of Data Sciences Engineering at Concur. IoT Gets a Touch of Visualization at SAPPHIRE NOW David McCandless will share an interactive visualization for the Internet of Things, in a session on site. “Data visualization is a powerful way to discover hidden connections, patterns and insights in your Big Data and reframe your world view,” said McCandless, author of Knowledge is Beautiful. “SAP Lumira is a data visualization solution that anyone can use to help find the gold in their data.” To learn more, visit www.saplumira.com. For more information, including additional news and coverage from SAPPHIRE NOW, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. SAPPHIRE NOW With SAPPHIRE NOW, SAP offers customers, partners and prospects even more opportunities to engage in dialogue with peers, participants and thought leaders around the globe. Being held in Orlando, Florida, May 5-7, 2015, this enhanced, real-time event connects attendees on site with global participants through state-of-the-art broadcast studios and an online experience that incorporates the latest social media and community functionality. Whether on site or online, participants can gain insight as to how SAP is delivering on its strategy and helping organizations around the world Run Simple. For more information, visit www.sapphirenow.com. Follow SAPPHIRE NOW on Twitter at @SAPPHIRENOW and for news and coverage during the event, visit the SAP News Center at www.news-sap.com. Note to Editors: Webcasts, announcements, media roundtables, keynote presentations and blog posts from SAPPHIRE NOW will be available in the SAP News Center at www.news-sap.com. To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high-resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 291,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, EDT Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, EDT Cathrin von Osten, +49 (6227) 7-63908, cathrin.von.osten@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP, IBM Join Forces to Transform Talent Management with Complementary Industry-Leading HR Solutions
