MVV Energie Goes Live with SAP CRM powered by SAP HANA
August 4, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and German energy company MVV Energie AG today announced that MVV Energie has gone live with the key quotation and order management capabilities of the SAP CRM application powered by SAP HANA. With SAP CRM powered by SAP HANA, MVV Energie gains integrated and highly improved support for its end-to-end sales process for its business customers. Originally founded in 1873 in Mannheim, Germany, MVV Energie has become one of the country’s leading energy companies, supplying electricity, natural gas, heat and water to about 1 million residential, commercial and industrial customers all over Germany. With more than 5,200 employees, MVV Energie is also invested in renewable energies and waste-to-energy resources and provides energy management and consulting services to help customers use resources more efficiently. For further growth, MVV Energie intends to simplify its end-to-end process for quotation and contract management and optimize its operations. The main objectives of the implementation of SAP CRM powered by SAP HANA was to reduce heterogeneity in the IT landscape and manual data interface and activities. It also wanted to build up integrated workflows in business sales processes, and to create a centralized database for all customer-related data within MVV Energie for analytical matters, which allows MVV Energie to focus on customer needs. The initial scope of the implementation project focused on MVV Energie’s marketing processes. Following a first go-live event in 2013, approximately 150 users can now support an end-to-end sales process for MVV Energie’s business customers. Based on the SAP HANA platform, SAP Customer Relationship Management software serves as integration platform and central database for MVV Energie’s business customers. It is the central application for key account managers and sales representatives. SAP CRM and key capabilities for quotation and order management are optimized for MVV Energie’s business, while product configuration capabilities within SAP CRM are used to accelerate time to market. With the software used by MVV Energie that is based on SAP HANA, even the fastest analytical processes are possible. “SAP CRM strengthens our competitiveness in the energy market,” said Ralf Klöpfer, member of the Executive Board of MVV Energie AG. “Using these innovative systems, we are optimizing our sales management process with greater efficiency, significantly reduced costs and customer-specific offerings.” “For today’s customers, seamlessly integrated processes and the option of personalization are a given,” said Bernd Leukert, member of the Executive Board of SAP SE. “They expect companies to use the most modern technology available. We are thrilled that a company like MVV Energie AG is building its future based on SAP HANA.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Marcus Winkler, SAP, +49 (6227) 767497, marcus.winkler@sap.com, CET Roland Kress, MVV Energie, +49 (621) 2903413, r.kress@mvv.de, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
