SuccessFactors, an SAP Company, Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 Magic Quadrant for Talent Management Suites for the Third Consecutive Year
August 13, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — For the third year in a row, SuccessFactors, an SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) company, has been positioned in the Leaders quadrant of Gartner, Inc.’s “Magic Quadrant for Talent Management Suites (TMS).”* The report evaluated cloud-based HR solutions and recognized SuccessFactors as a leading provider of talent management software based on its “ability to execute” and “completeness of vision.” The Magic Quadrant assesses the market for talent management suites, which help enterprises manage the key workforce processes of plan to source, acquire to onboard, perform to reward and assess to develop. According to the report, Leaders demonstrate a market-defining vision of how TM technology can help HR leaders achieve business objectives. Leaders have the ability to execute against that vision through products and services, and have demonstrated solid business results in the form of revenue and earnings. In the TM suite market, Leaders show a consistent ability to win broad suite deals. They have significant successful customer deployments in North America, EMEA and the Asia/Pacific region in a wide variety of vertical industries and with multiple proof points. Leaders are often what other providers in the market measure themselves against. Faced with global expansion and the complexities of engaging a multigenerational workforce, companies need the right strategies and solutions to stay competitive. SuccessFactors helps companies of all sizes build a world-class HR team to meet these demands on a global scale by leveraging its best-in-class solutions across the integrated talent management portfolio, including SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals, SAP SuccessFactors Learning, SAP SuccessFactors Workforce Analytics and SAP SuccessFactors Workforce Planning. “Today’s HR leaders are looking to talent management technology to help support their company’s competitive advantage – their people,” said Mike Ettling, president, HR Line of Business at SuccessFactors. “We believe being named a leader in Gartner’s 2015 Magic Quadrant for Talent Management Suites for the third year in a row validates our commitment to delivering world-class HR solutions to our customers, and it also helps HR leaders make an informed choice as they look to make a business case for transformation.” To learn more, download the report here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SuccessFactors and SAP on Twitter at @successfactors and @sapnews. Media Contact: Geraldine Lim, +1 (951) 318-3494, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PDT *Gartner, “Magic Quadrant for Talent Management Suites” by Yvette Cameron, Jeff Freyermuth, Ron Hanscome and Helen Poitevin, August 2015 Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
