BARCELONA — In a large telecommunications deal announced at GSMA Mobile World Congress 2015, Zain Group has selected SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) to deliver Big Data and analytics solutions designed to enhance the experience for millions of customers across the Middle East. Global smartphone connections are set to triple by 2020, when 6 billion of the world’s 9 billion mobile connections will be made via smartphone, according to GSMA Intelligence. In 2020, 80 percent of global smartphone connections will come from developing regions, where smartphone connections will grow from one third of all connections in 2014 to 70 percent in 2020. In the Middle East and Africa, mobile subscriptions will grow by 55 percent between 2014 and 2020, while mobile broadband 3G and 4G networks will increase from 20 percent of the total share in 2014 to 85 percent in 2020, according to the most recent Ericsson Mobility Report. Meeting the broadband needs of customers, Zain Group, a leading telecommunications provider in the Middle East and Africa with over 44 million customers across eight countries, will deploy Big Data and analytics solutions from SAP across Kuwait, Bahrain and Jordan. “Mobile devices continue to transform people’s lives across the Middle East and around the world,” said Bill McDermott, CEO, SAP. “The more mobile people become, the greater their demand for personalized, context-aware, real-time solutions to stay connected. In collaborating with SAP, Zain Group will use advanced analytics to help them Run Simple and provide the next generation of mobile services for millions of customers in fast-growth markets.” As part of the collaboration, Zain Group will deploy the SAP HANA platform – based on innovative, real-time analytics software and in-memory computing technology – as well as data mining, social networking, customer and business intelligence and predictive software solutions. Scott Gegenheimer, CEO, Zain Group, said, “In our drive to become an integrated digital lifestyle operator, Zain needs to reduce complexity in its current IT setup, enhance its overall customer experience through an actionable real-time analytical platform and gain better market insight to open new revenue streams. This tie-up with SAP is intended to support our ambitions.” Kuwait, Bahrain and Jordan are all labeled as “fast growth” markets according to GSMA Intelligence, with a combined 20.3 million mobile connections. Mobile broadband penetration is strong in all three, including 74 percent in Kuwait, 49 percent in Bahrain and 42 percent in Jordan. Among Arab countries, Bahrain ranks third, Jordan sixth and Kuwait seventh in the World Economic Forum’s Networked Readiness Index 2014, which measures the performance of information and communications technology in economies. Worldwide, telecom solutions from SAP enable 17 million people to work from any location on any mobile device, while mobile services from SAP deliver 1.8 billion text messages every day. For more information, visit SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SAP_Telco. For more information, press only: Husain Al Tamimi, SAP, +971 56 6811641, husain.tamimi@sap.com Claire McPeak, SAP, +971 4 330 1777, c.mcpeak@sap.com Steve Baron, Wallis Marketing Consultants, +971 4390 1950, sap@wallis-mc.com About Zain Group Zain Group (Kuwait Stock Exchange: ZAIN) is a leading telecommunications operator across the Middle East and Africa providing mobile voice and data services to over 44.3 million active customers as of December 31, 2014. With a commercial presence in eight countries, Zain operates in Kuwait, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Sudan and South Sudan. In Lebanon, the Group manages ‘touch’ on behalf of the government. In Morocco, Zain has a 15.5 percent stake in Wana Telecom, now branded ‘INWI,’ through a joint venture. For more, email info@zain.com or visit www.zain.com, www.facebook.com/zain, www.twitter.com/zain, www.youtube.com/zain, www.instagram.com/zaingroup, and www.linkedin.com/company/zain. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Announces Contextual Marketing Platform Designed for Telcos
March 3, 2015 by SAP News
