March 2, 2015 by SAP News
BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that team CodeGreen from the United Kingdom and team Agrai of Finland are the winners of the ESA App Camp Barcelona. Sponsored by SAP, initiated by the European Space Agency (ESA) and organized by Anwendungszentrum GmbH Oberpfaffenhofen, the camp challenged students and developers representing six countries across Europe to develop apps on SAP HANA Cloud Platform that utilize Earth observation data and business data to support the future of agriculture and forestry, renewable energy and fisheries management. The announcement was made at the Mobile World Congress, being held March 2-5 in Barcelona. “It is truly inspiring to see what these teams were able to achieve,” said Bill McDermott, CEO of SAP. “By combining their creativity with the power of SAP HANA Cloud Platform, the ESA App Camp participants developed apps that were previously unthinkable. Initiatives like these provide a clear demonstration of how SAP can help the world run better and improve people’s lives.” The teams participating in the ESA App Camp represent Finland, Germany, Holland, Italy, Portugal and the United Kingdom. Each team, composed of three or four members along with support from SAP and ESA experts, worked on developing a business-to-business (B2B) app that utilizes Earth observation data collected by satellites and powered by SAP HANA Cloud Platform. SAP HANA Cloud Platform enables users to analyze large amounts of information quickly and helps entrepreneurs and developers to create next-generation enterprise apps with commercial viability in the cloud. The ESA App Camp teams competed for the prizes for “Best Solution for the SAP Challenge” or the “Best App of the ESA challenge.” Winners will have the opportunity to be considered for the ESA Business Incubation Program and the SAP Startup Focus program, which works with young companies worldwide to help them build commercially-viable solutions on the SAP HANA platform and supports their go-to-market strategies. With 1,810 startups currently in the program and more than 135 validated solutions from 57 countries, the SAP Startup Focus program supports customers and helps to bring innovation to enterprises. For more information, including additional news from SAP at Mobile World Congress, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, EST Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Simplifies Enterprise Mobility with SAP HANA Cloud Platform Mobile Services
