March 2, 2015 by SAP News
BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced availability of SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services, the foundation of SAP’s mobile app development strategy and the next step in delivering mobile innovations in the cloud. SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services are designed to drive mobile business innovation with simplicity by connecting people, devices and business networks using SAP’s unique end-to-end capabilities covering the development, staging and secure deployment of mobile apps. This platform-as-a-service (PaaS) offering will also help accelerate the integration of Internet of Things (IoT) and Big Data with mobile business. The announcement was made at Mobile World Congress (MWC), being held March 2-5 in Barcelona. “It’s critical for our broad ecosystem of customers and partners to simplify their mobile business and easily create omnichannel, context-aware mobile applications in the cloud,” said Rick Costanzo, executive vice president and general manager of Telecommunication Solutions and Mobility Solutions, SAP. “SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services mark a major milestone in our mobile strategy. This is not only the way forward for companies to transform their mobile business but also the bridge between rapidly changing technology and fast-moving market trends such as the networked economy, augmented reality and the Internet of Things.” Delivering Innovation in the Cloud SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services help customers build and deploy native and hybrid mobile apps that integrate securely with on-premise or cloud-based systems. New features such as optimized data synchronization for native and hybrid apps and an expanded push notification application programming interface (API) enable delivery of apps that engage users. The new administrative user interface is consistent with the look and feel of the SAP Fiori user experience, keeping administrative tasks simple and efficient. SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services are also fully interoperable with the cloud-based SAP Mobile Secure portfolio to provide management and security options at the device, content and app level. Additionally, one-click deployment from mobile services to the SAP Mobile Place tool offers quick, easy discovery, downloading and provisioning of apps on both managed and unmanaged devices, similar to commercial app stores. Flexibility and Performance for On-Premise Use The latest release of SAP Mobile Platform 3.0, SP06, shares the same new optimized data synchronization capabilities for app development as SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services and adds additional enhancements such as support for new authentication protocols and high-availability clustering support. Fast App Development The latest release of the SAP Mobile Platform software development kit (SDK) includes a harmonized API to help simplify development of online and offline applications, enabling developers to be more productive. Device support is now included for new device operating systems such as the recently released iOS 8. SAP Web IDE provides a Web-based development environment that helps users build and extend applications easily with SAP Fiori, using SAP HANA Cloud Platform. SAP PartnerEdge Program for Application Development The SAP PartnerEdge program for Application Development enables partners to capitalize on the business opportunity to build and commercialize standard software applications on SAP platforms. Using SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services, partners can build innovative mobile apps for deployment as self-sufficient cloud-based services, as well as in on-premise environments based on SAP Mobile Platform. Partners such as Innovapptive are ready to offer mobile apps from the cloud using SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services. To learn more, visit www.sap.com/mobile. Visit SAP’s booth in Fira Gran Via Exhibition Center located in Hall 6, Stand 6A30 at MWC 2015. For more information, including additional news from SAP at Mobile World Congress, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. For more information, press only: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PST Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661 9225, susan.miller@sap.com, EST SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Sarah McKay, FleishmanHillard, +1 (203) 918 6081, sarah.mckay@fleishman.com, EST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved.   SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP to Showcase Mobile Innovations for the City of Barcelona
