February 27, 2015 by SAP News
BOSTON — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and Phizzle Inc. today introduced their global strategic partnership for automated fan engagement at the annual MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference in Boston. The integrated SAP and Phizzle solution will consolidate consumer profiles, analyze and act on real-time online behavior and consolidate all existing data sources to uniquely identify fan records. The solution will provide a unified overview and deeper understanding of each fan, allowing clubs to offer their fans a more personalized experience. Phizzle enables sports, media and entertainment organizations to deliver a complete fan profile, deriving maximized quantitative value from the multiple data sources available. Leveraging the power of the SAP HANA database, the platform for real-time business applications, the joint solution will provide advanced marketing engagement and campaign management tools and data aggregation and visualization features. It also offers Web analytics and enables social listening. “Fans want, at a minimum, three things: to be connected, to feel engaged and to be recognized,” stated Frank Wheeler, global vice president, head of Business Development, Media, Sports and Entertainment, SAP. “Together, Phizzle and SAP are revolutionizing how organizations contextualize information and develop unique insights to create a richer fan experience and increase efficiencies by managing Big Data in a simpler, more innovative way.” “Marketers are eager for an elegant and reliable solution that provides real-time insight into the behavior of a fan or consumer across all engagement channels so they can target their campaigns better,” said Ben Davis, CEO, Phizzle. “Phizzle and SAP provide industry-leading technologies that enable marketers to deliver a scaled and personalized experience and ultimately win fans – which means customers – for life.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Kamila Laures, SAP SE, +49 30 41092-252, kamila.laures@sap.com, CET Beth Trier, Trier and Company for Phizzle, +1 (415) 285-6147, beth@triercompany.com, PST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Launches Initiative for Women in Telco to Drive Workplace Diversity
