Michael Kleinemeier to Join the Executive Board of SAP SE
October 8, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — Michael Kleinemeier will become the newest member of the Executive Board of SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) on November 1 when he takes on sole responsibility for the Global Service &amp; Support organization. His predecessor in this role, Gerhard Oswald, will continue to serve on the Executive Board as head of Product Quality &amp; Enablement. Michael Kleinemeier joined the SAP Global Managing Board in January 2015 and led the Global Service &amp; Support area. He was appointed president of the Middle and Eastern Europe (MEE) region in 2013, where he was responsible for all regional go-to-market activities for the entire SAP product portfolio. From 2010 until 2012, Kleinemeier was head of Global End-to-End Services and also led the DACH (Germany, Austria, and Switzerland) region in parallel during this period. In 2007, he was named head of Industry Solutions and a Corporate Officer of SAP. From 2001 to 2007, he served as Managing Director of SAP Deutschland. During that time, he was also president of the former EMEA Central (DACH and the Benelux countries) sales region. From 1989 to 1999, he held key management positions in sales, consulting and training at SAP. “I’m delighted that we’ve been able to gain such a widely acknowledged and experienced expert as Michael Kleinemeier for this post,” said Professor Hasso Plattner, Chairperson of the Supervisory Board of SAP SE. “I have no doubt that SAP will benefit enormously from his experience and from the good relationships he has with our customers.” During his many years serving SAP in key leadership positions, Kleinemeier has always enjoyed a reputation as a highly successful manager. In his former role as a regional president, he and his team won the title of “Region of the Year” several times. Kleinemeier has been instrumental in driving cloud computing and the digital transformation in all the markets he is responsible for. He is highly regarded by customers and colleagues for his open and authentic manner. New Product Quality &amp; Enablement Organization SAP’s new Product Quality &amp; Enablement organization reflects the growing focus on compliance with quality standards that accelerating innovation and development cycles demand. Continuously improving the corresponding processes and control mechanisms requires in-depth, detailed knowledge and extensive process expertise. Gerhard Oswald joined SAP in 1981 and has served as a member of the Executive Board since 1996. Under Oswald’s leadership, SAP Active Global Support, with its global support infrastructure and continuously improving and innovative support offerings, has come to exemplify SAP’s thought leadership in the industry. “In an age of constantly shrinking product cycles, quality assurance is a rising priority. Gerhard Oswald is the ideal person to address this task,” said Plattner. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 293,500 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Nicola Leske, +49 (6227) 750852, nicola.leske@sap.com, CET Marcus Winkler, +49 (6227) 767497, marcus.winkler@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.
