June 15, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — The speed of innovation in today’s business landscape is unmatched. Keeping up with the latest business solutions is no easy feat. In fact, many companies are experiencing gaps in digital skills. The changes introduced with rapidly evolving technology affect not only IT departments but all company employees. In response, SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it will again increase its offering of free massive open online courses (MOOCs) through openSAP platform to strengthen an understanding of how SAP solutions can help businesses grow. Three new courses are being offered on the platform:  SAP S/4HANA – Deep Dive: This course gives a detailed look at SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4 HANA), insight into the solution’s design, and an understanding of the business value the solution provides. Students will learn how to get started with the product and have an opportunity to try it out. Driving Business Results with Big Data: This course allows attendees to sharpen their ability to extract meaning from data, for example, sorting through masses of numbers to find hidden patterns and unexpected correlations. Students will have the opportunity to learn from use cases, and will be introduced to SAP Rapid Deployment solutions, which help businesses adopt Big Data solutions. Transformation to Hybrid Landscapes: This course provides an overview of cloud solutions from SAP and a deep dive into what hybrid means for integration, security and operations. Students will receive guidelines on how to start their own hybrid transformation journeys.  openSAP is the open online learning platform from SAP that hosts MOOCs. Conducted entirely online and with all learning materials accessible from any device, these courses allow users to learn at their own pace. The courses, which leverage tried and trusted classroom concepts, are free of charge. Included in the course format are weekly assignments, discussion forums and even final exams. In continuing to evolve its courses, openSAP recently included a design-and-build challenge as part of “Build Your Own SAP Fiori App in the Cloud,” which also features a peer review assessment. As part of this challenge, over 1,500 SAP partners and customers created SAP Fiori apps using SAP HANA Cloud Platform and SAP Web IDE. Peers reviewed and graded submissions to choose the best three submissions. The final winners were selected by Sam Yen, chief design officer; Quentin Clark, chief technology officer; and Michael Kleinemeier, Member of the Global Managing Board; all of SAP SE. openSAP and SAP Learning Hub are cloud-based learning offerings that deliver simplified enablement for beginners as well as advanced enablement for experienced professionals in order to help adoption of innovation across the entire SAP ecosystem. openSAP and SAP Learning Hub can facilitate an organization’s technological transformation journey as well. Since its development in 2013, openSAP has seen major success, with more than 700,000 course enrollments to date. In total, over 215,000 learners have adopted openSAP to help them stay up-to-date with the latest innovations. The success of openSAP is proven by the high completion rate of its courses. Whereas the usual completion rate of academic MOOCs is around six percent, openSAP has seen a 25 percent to 30 percent completion rate. Most course attendees of openSAP are professionals with a formal degree or accreditation who want to develop their skills and advance their careers. “Knowledge is power, and at SAP we are very excited to have the opportunity to empower our users to realize the full value of their business solutions and ultimately drive positive outcomes,” said Dr. Bernd Welz; executive vice president and global head; Scale, Enablement, and Transformation; SAP. “With over 45,000 individuals registered to learn about SAP S/4HANA thus far, we look forward to introducing a wider audience to our next-generation business suite and demonstrating why it lies at the core of all SAP innovation.” For more information on the program and available courses, visit openSAP. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Delivers Next Release of SAP HANA
