SuccessFactors Announces SuccessConnect 2015, “Simplifying the Way the World Works”
August 3, 2015 by SAP News
LAS VEGAS — SuccessFactors, an SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) company, today announced details about SuccessConnect 2015, the premier event for HR professionals, set to take place August 10–12 at The Venetian/Palazzo Resort Hotel &amp; Casino in Las Vegas. Current and prospective customers, partners, industry veterans and employees from around the world will come together to explore how SAP and SuccessFactors help companies out-innovate their competitors and drive their businesses forward with cloud-based HR technology. This year’s event will feature powerful keynotes from top SAP and SuccessFactors executives, presentations from industry visionaries and technology partners, firsthand customer experiences, and innovative ideas and best practices. Programs for prospective customers who want to learn more about cloud and on-premise HR solutions from SuccessFactors and SAP are also planned. Additionally, winners of the SuccessConnect Awards – an annual program designed to recognize and celebrate SuccessFactors customers who deliver impressive business results, drive innovation and cultivate employee engagement – will be announced. Main SuccessConnect Activities Keynote with Bill McDermott and Mike Ettling Tuesday, August 11, at 8:15 a.m.–10:15 a.m. PDT Bill McDermott’s first decision as CEO of SAP was to bring the chief human resource officer (CHRO) closer to himself than ever before. He will share his perspectives on building great teams and creating data-driven, seamless workplaces in the digital economy. Momentous trends are forcing change in the modern workplace, impacting the role of HR and HR leaders. Managing these new demands requires modern technology, and particularly cloud technology. Mike Ettling, president of the HR Line of Business at SuccessFactors, will share how HR can drive the business agenda of the future. Mike will also provide an update on the ongoing customer commitments introduced at SuccessConnect last year, such as the launch of the SuccessFactors Expert (SFX) accreditation program. Joining Mike are Jane Bemis, vice president of Enterprise HRIS at The Walt Disney Company, along with Rich Adduci, CIO, and Nitin Mittal, director of HR Operations at Boston Scientific Corporation. These customers will share their stories of HR transformation and how SuccessFactors is helping them achieve their company visions, delivering on a commitment to outstanding employee experience and successful speed of global implementation. Mike will also welcome Jonathan Tager, head of groupelephant.com, to discuss the organization’s efforts to combat elephant and rhino poaching in Africa and how this initiative also helps drive a more meaningful employee experience beyond a paycheck. Keynote with Dmitri Krakovsky Wednesday, August 12, at 8:15 a.m.–10:15 a.m. PDT Dmitri Krakovsky, senior vice president of Global Product Management at SuccessFactors, will discuss the future directions and trends shaping the SAP® SuccessFactors® suite of products, and he will provide a review of recent product innovations and a preview of exciting new functionalities. Elephants, Rhinos &amp; People, Oh My! During SuccessConnect, attendees will have the opportunity to participate in an interactive fund-raising initiative with Elephants, Rhinos &amp; People (ERP). The recent and alarming rise in the massacre of threatened elephants and rhinos stems from the increase in poverty among rural communities in Africa, and SuccessFactors is teaming up with ERP to help raise money and awareness to combat this tragedy. Starting on August 3, for every tweet posted with both #sconnect15 and #ERP, SAP will donate $1 to the organization. To learn more about ERP and how you can support the organization, click here. Additional SuccessConnect Highlights Keynote presentations will be followed by breakout sessions with SAP partners and customers. SAP partners play a strategic role in helping companies of all sizes – across all industries – buy, build, implement, service and support SAP solutions so their businesses can Run Simple. SuccessConnect 2015 Diamond-level sponsors include Accenture and Deloitte. Platinum-level sponsors include Aasonn, Ernst &amp; Young, IBM and NTT DATA. Gold-level sponsors include 3D Results, AspireHR, DocuSign, Enterprise Information Resources, GP Strategies Corporation, HRIZONS, Infosys, NGA Human Resources, /N SPRO, Presence of IT, PwC and WorkForce Software. Featured customers sharing their experiences include Alberta Electric System Operator, Al-Futtaim Group, Allstate Insurance Company, Amkor Technology, Amway, Avaya, Bank of America Merchant Services, BNSF Railway, BNY Mellon, Brooks Brothers, Cargill, Coca-Cola Refreshments, ConAgra Foods, Commercial Metals Company, Compass Group, Edgewell Personal Care, Endeavor Air, FedEx Office, Fluor, Hydro-Québec, Johnson &amp; Johnson, Kroger, Lincoln Financial Group, Mayo Clinic, Meggitt, Merck, National Bank of Canada, NBCUniversal, Newell Rubbermaid, New York Life Insurance Company, Nexteer Automotive, Nordstrom, NTT DATA, Salt River Project, St. Lawrence Seaway, Sumitomo Corporation, Sun Communities, The Timken Company, Under Armour, Wawa and Western Financial Group. For more information on SuccessConnect Las Vegas 2015, or to watch the keynotes and general sessions live, please visit: http://successconnect2015.com/las-vegas. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow the event on Twitter at @successfactors. Media Contact: Geraldine Lim, +1 (951) 318-3494, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
