Esri’s ArcGIS to Support SAP HANA as Enterprise Geodatabase, Deepening Integration Across Products
December 8, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that through a global technology partnership, Esri will commercially support ArcGIS using SAP HANA as an enterprise geodatabase. This release of ArcGIS, planned for 2016, expands the existing native integration with SAP HANA and allows customers to run all their SAP Business Suite and ArcGIS applications within an architecture based on SAP HANA. The companies will further enhance the SAP HANA platform by more deeply integrating advanced ArcGIS geospatial capabilities and content across SAP’s broader application portfolio. The collaboration between SAP and Esri is expected to harness the power of combining two market-leading platforms, providing the ability to run both GIS workloads and advanced spatial analytics on a single SAP HANA geodatabase. Customers will be able to apply sophisticated business rules and relationships to spatial data directly in SAP HANA, define advanced georelational models such as topologies and networks, and permit both GIS and enterprise business users to work within the same multiuser access and editing environment. In addition, the planned integration will result in massive parallelization of computationally intense workloads, all in memory, enabling new solutions that could not previously be delivered. “We’re very excited about the enterprise geodatabase support for SAP HANA,” said Jack Dangermond, president, Esri. “It will bring our customers speed, simplicity and better integration with their enterprise information. For SAP customers, it delivers a complete platform for mapping and geospatial intelligence. By synchronizing our platforms, our respective customers will benefit across the enterprise. We’re doing the work to make sure that GIS and mapping is available to all — not just traditional mapping experts.” SAP and Esri have been technology partners for a number of years, providing integration of their respective platforms, SAP HANA and Esri ArcGIS. Companies invested in Esri and SAP can immediately create maps populated with data from SAP HANA and instantly access those maps anywhere on any ArcGIS client, as well as in SAP or custom applications. Today users of SAP HANA can access ArcGIS for geospatial data and geoservices and perform analytics, while Esri users can similarly access, analyze and query both spatial and nonspatial data directly in SAP HANA. Esri supports deployments of SAP HANA with query layers and features services for customers that want to dramatically increase spatial query performance by running SAP HANA side by side with ArcGIS. “Our customers represent a new generation of data stewards requiring an in-memory computing platform that performs at scales unseen before — including large-scale geography,” said Daniel Schneiss, senior vice president and global head, SAP HANA Platform and Databases, SAP. “As we enter a world of exponential data growth and the Internet of Things, the need to geospatially analyze Big Data will only increase from this point forward. We look forward to teaming with Esri to address this need by integrating the full power of ArcGIS technology with SAP HANA.” For more information on SAP and Esri, visit www.esri.com/saphana or contact esrisap@sap.com. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Jason Loesche, SAP, +1 (484) 437 0015, j.loesche@sap.com, ET Brian Peterson, Esri, +1 (909) 793 2853, bpeterson@esri.com, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
