December 21, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced its placement by Gartner Inc. in the Leaders quadrant of the “Magic Quadrant for Single-Instance ERP for Product-Centric Midmarket Companies.” The announcement marks the fifth consecutive year that SAP Business All-in-One solutions have been placed in the Leaders quadrant by Gartner, recognized as a “set of visionary solutions with strong execution.” The next-generation business software SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA helps growing businesses Run Simple in the digital economy. SAP S/4HANA, edition for SAP Business All-in-One, enables midsize companies to focus more on the needs of their customers, suppliers and partners while they manage every aspect of their operations in real time and automate many critical processes. “The positioning of SAP Business All-in-One solutions as leader by Gartner confirms our continuing efforts to offer eminently suited and innovative software to upper midmarket companies,” said Bobby Vetter, senior vice president, Portfolio Management ERP Solutions, Global Partner Operations, SAP. “Our renewed edition makes SAP S/4HANA available to growing companies. It supports them in mastering the digital transformation to drive business innovation with simplicity by connecting people, devices and business networks in real time.” The industry-specific software that comprises SAP Business All-in-One solutions serves more than 26,500 SAP customers in 55 countries. SAP S/4HANA, edition for SAP Business All-in-One, provides flexibility, agility and reliability to midmarket organizations by offering a broad array of mobile, cloud and analytics features, largely built on the in-memory computing platform of SAP HANA. Download of a copy of this year’s “Magic Quadrant for Single-Instance ERP for Product-Centric Midmarket Companies” report from Gartner here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews, @SAPSmallBiz and @SAPMidsize. Media Contacts: Angelika Merz, +41 (58) 871-7216, angelika.merz@sap.com, CET Nate Hubbell, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0531, nate.hubbell@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Makes Audience Part of Cirque du Soleil’s TORUK – The First Flight with New Interactive Mobile Experience
