May 18, 2016 by SAP News
ORLANDO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has signed an agreement with UPS (NYSE: UPS) to collaborate to transform the ad hoc world of industrial 3D printing into a seamless, on-demand manufacturing process from order through manufacturing and delivery. By integrating extended supply chain solutions from SAP with UPS’s additive industrial manufacturing and logistics network, SAP and UPS plan to enable companies large and small to access on-demand manufacturing with the touch of button, creating new opportunities to streamline their supply chains and get products to market more quickly and cost-effectively. This announcement was made at the 28th annual SAPPHIRE NOW conference. “Technology innovations such as 3D printing are revolutionizing traditional manufacturing and redefine our notion of the industrial supply chain,” said Bernd Leukert, member of the Executive Board, Products &amp; Innovations, SAP SE. “By bringing together the on-demand manufacturing and logistics expertise of UPS and the extended supply chain leadership of SAP, we can enable direct digital manufacturing and an on-demand industrial manufacturing network that connects from manufacturing floor to the customer door.” “Markets are changing rapidly, and no company can solve all customer problems on their own,” said Stan Deans, president, UPS Global Distribution &amp; Logistics. “This agreement with SAP adds an important UPS capability to help customers right-size inventories and lower short-run production costs, and help entrepreneurs bring their ideas to life faster than ever.” SAP and UPS intend to collaborate across their respective solution portfolios to enable critical components of on-demand manufacturing:  Digitization and simplification of the production part approval process through SAP. By accelerating and standardizing the process, both companies believe a significantly greater number of industrial 3D print-ready production parts can be approved and certified and can be ordered through UPS On-Demand Manufacturing with full integration into SAP manufacturing and procurement processes. Automatic quantification of the financial viability of 3D printing vs. traditional procurement or manufacturing options on a host of real-time manufacturing and batch-specific parameters (such as tax calculations, shipping costs, bill of materials, and so forth). SAP and UPS intend to enable real-time decisions on the optimal supply chain path for every parts order. Seamless routing of the order to UPS for production and delivery. UPS end-of-runway manufacturing can get most orders sent by 6:00 p.m. manufactured and delivered anywhere in the United States by the next morning. The agreement seeks to enable companies to track their order right from their SAP software system.  The agreement will be part of a new distributed network from UPS, as announced today at www.pressroom.ups.com. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. SAPPHIRE NOW, May 17-19, 2016, Orlando, Florida, USA The 28th annual SAPPHIRE NOW conference will bring more than 20,000 in-person and over 150,000 online participants together to engage in dialogue with peers and thought leaders around the globe. With nearly 1,000 C-level executives and 260 exhibitors, this real-time event connects attendees on a range of topics: future of work, digital core, digital supply networks, digital customer experiences, the Internet of Things. Whether on site or online, participants can gain insight into how SAP delivers on its strategy and helps organizations around the world Run Simple. Follow the event on Twitter at @SAPPHIRENOW. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 310,000 business and public sector customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: James Dever, SAP, +1 610 661 2161, james.dever@sap.com, ET Hilmar Schepp, SAP, +49 6227 746799, hilmar.schepp@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Kyle Tildsley, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502 4300, sapsc@pancomm.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
Quote Sheet: SAP Digital Makes It Simple and Easy for Anyone to Benefit From SAP and Partner Offerings to “Run Live. Right Now.”
