December 9, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and Philips (NYSE: PHG, AEX: PHIA), today announced a collaboration that will link real-time information from Philips connected streetlights with data from other sensors in a single integrated city dashboard to help cities gather valuable information. The joint offering combines real-time situational awareness based on the SAP HANA platform with the Philips CityTouch street lighting management system to give planners a 360-degree view of data — such as street lighting, parking and traffic controls — to plan better and manage costs. The agreement between SAP and Philips started in Buenos Aires, where Philips is refurbishing 91,000 streetlights with LEDs, controlled by Philips’ CityTouch, which interfaces directly with the SAP HANA platform. Buenos Aires is able to manage more than 700,000 assets, including streetlights, parks, bus stops, buildings and bridges. For example, by analyzing real-time sensor data, the city can monitor storm drains to mitigate risks caused by heavy rains. Remote management of each individual streetlight point is possible with Philips’ CityTouch remote management system, which allows remote adjustment of lighting levels, dramatically reducing energy consumption and maintenance costs. As a result, Buenos Aires has been able to increase operational efficiency, realize energy savings of over 50 percent and greatly improve safety and quality of life for its 13 million residents. “SAP is pleased to work with Philips to make Buenos Aires Latin America’s pioneer in becoming a leading digital city, where real-time analytics and prediction drive better city services in areas such as lighting, sustainability and efficiency,” said Sean Patrick O’Brien, global lead, SAP Future Cities, SAP. “More than 4,000 regional, local and city organizations use SAP today, and with this agreement we can jointly expand on our commitment to improve the quality of lives for our customers and citizens.” Bill Bien, SVP, head of strategy and marketing at Philips Lighting, said: “As less than 1 percent of the world’s streetlights are connected, we have a tremendous opportunity to help cities follow Buenos Aires’ lead and join the other 30 countries worldwide who have implemented Philips’ CityTouch. Together with SAP, we can rapidly transform the world’s cities into smart cities and help them address a wide range of needs caused by urban expansion and population growth, unlocking the benefits of light beyond illumination.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Mat Small, SAP, +1 (510) 684-3552, m.small@sap.com, PT Erin Albright, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2344, erin.albright@fleishman.com, ET Eeva Raaijmakers, Philips Lighting Communications, +31 (6)12350597, eeva.raaijmakers@philips.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Continues its Commitment to Cloud Foundry with Support for the Cloud Foundry Certification Program
