Some recent media coverage about SAP HANA has been misleading and raised questions about SAP’s business activities in the public service and security sectors.  SAP’s solutions are standard software and our customers decide how they want to use it. We take solving the world’s most significant business challenges very seriously given our vision to help the world run better and improve people’s lives. We’re proud that our software is highly sought after by private businesses of all sizes, as well as by governments around the world – from Germany and the European Union to Asia, Latin America and the United States. The subsidiaries we have created to work with governmental organizations in the US and elsewhere are independently managed and are reviewed by independent external auditors. Claims that this setup allows access to customer data are false. In addition, there are no so-called “backdoors” built into SAP software and customer data cannot be retrieved externally. No company is more committed to data privacy and security than SAP. When we talk about business challenges, few are as significant as public service and public safety. It is unquestionably within our interest to offer software to public agencies as they look to improve outcomes through innovation. Technology is one of the means to ensure our safety and to protect people’s lives. If our technology contributes to upholding a safe, free and open society, we are honored by this and committed to doing so with the utmost integrity. While we don’t comment on the specifics of any customer engagement without their specific consent, we welcome any questions about the spirit of our commitment to trust and transparency in every one of the 180+ countries that we serve in around the world. We’re proud to be a market leader and to honor the legacy of service that was born with SAP in Germany 43 years ago. Photo: SAP
Cloud-Based SAP Learning Hub Goes Indirect for New Education and Growth Opportunities for SAP Partners and Customers
March 16, 2015 by SAP News
