LAS VEGAS — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the general availability of the 2.0 version of SAP Predictive Analytics software, bringing predictive analytics to the entire organization’s business users, business analysts and data scientists through its simplicity, ease of use and productivity. Combining the functionality of SAP Predictive Analysis software and the SAP InfiniteInsight solution, the new software version helps empower a broad spectrum of users to spot opportunities in real time, make fast and accurate predictions and act with confidence at the point of decision. The announcement was made at SAPinsider BI 2015 being held March 9–12 in Las Vegas. SAP Predictive Analytics provides an integrated approach to predictive analytics that helps organizations uncover trends and patterns from Big Data, the Internet of Things (IoT) and existing SAP and third-party data sources. The software gives companies better insights in real time that help increase understanding of customer behavior, improve response to customers, and deliver tangible business value – ultimately driving profitability for organizations. “The growth of data sources and sensors and the increased demand for actionable insights mandate broader access to predictive analytics,” said Clemens Praendl, senior vice president and general manager, Analytics, SAP. “SAP Predictive Analytics is designed to help bridge the skills gap by placing complex predictive capabilities in the hands of many more users. By incorporating predictive results into more applications and business processes, users will be able to identify hidden patterns like never before, revealing new or expanded business opportunities.” The 2.0 version of SAP Predictive Analytics helps users predict and act in real time instead of relying on batch processes, thus enabling real-time promotions and assisting with fraud detection, risk mitigation, revenue optimization and customer retention with features that include:  Data preparation: Helps automate data preparation without the need for code. Advanced visualization: Combines data manipulation with engaging advanced visualizations and integrates and analyzes data from a variety of enterprise and personal sources. Data modeler: Provides a modelling environment for both business analysts and data scientists with predictive analytics to help automate the building of sophisticated predictive models for all data-mining functions. The expert analysis allows data scientists to build powerful predictive models using the R programming language as well as high-performance algorithms in the SAP HANA platform and third-party environments. Scorer: Displays graphically the individual variable contribution to the model, which helps to select the most important variables for explaining a given business question. Models can be applied directly in a simulation mode for a single input data set predicting the score for an individual business question in real time. Model management: Helps drive workforce productivity with predictive model management solutions that empower business users to ask more what-if questions and get answers faster. The software supports the ability to schedule model refreshes, address a real-time need for scoring and manage business models across an enterprise. Network and link analysis: Gives users the ability to explore the links between their customers and network of social influencers with analytics. It helps them create graphs for various types of product or entity associations, enabling advanced personalization so companies can create offers to enhance customer loyalty.  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, EST SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, EST About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2014 SAP SE. All rights reserved.   SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
Statement from SAP CEO Bill McDermott Regarding Misleading and Flawed Media Report on SAP and NSA
March 13, 2015 by Bill McDermott
