October 20, 2015 by SAP News
LAS VEGAS — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the availability of the SAP Vehicles Network solution. It is a new cloud offering that allows enterprise companies to offer secure, convenient end-to-end vehicle- and mobility-centric services – independent of devices or vehicles. SAP Vehicles Network enables drivers in North America to share data from the Internet of Things, activate gas pumps, pay at the pump, reserve parking, open off-street parking gates and pay for on-street parking from the car through a mobile wallet or app. The announcement was made at SAP TechEd, being held October 19–23 in Las Vegas. “With SAP HANA Cloud Platform, we are providing an open platform to our customers and partners. Offering a seamless and digital experience, SAP thus is enabling the digital business. We are happy that Samsung Pay is leveraging SAP Vehicles Network based on SAP HANA Cloud Platform. With this, Samsung is accelerating market adoption of mobility services of the digital economy,” said Bernd Leukert, member of the Executive Board of SAP SE, Products &amp; Innovations, SAP. “In today’s digital world all lights are on green for a new digital experience – and SAP is committed to being a part of this change.” SAP Vehicles Network harnesses the power of SAP HANA Cloud Platform for the Internet of Things and offers member companies and partners the opportunity to create new mobility services and apps for consumer use. It improves the way drivers can benefit from mobile and geo-location services. This new end-to-end digital mobile user experience covers the entire trip, helping drivers before and after the journey as well. SAP Vehicles Network also allows app providers and automotive companies to gain access to tens of thousands of mobile payment-enabled parking garages and gas stations in key markets. Thus companies can improve the driver and passenger’s digital experience by using mobile wallets and third-party apps for an integrated in-vehicle experience. “We are pleased to partner with SAP to bring Samsung Pay to fuel pumps in the future,” said Dr. Injong Rhee, executive vice president, Samsung Electronics. “Samsung Pay is accepted today almost anywhere you can swipe or tap your card, and we are always looking for ways to extend where consumers can use the service to everywhere they shop. Enabling Samsung Pay users to pay at the pump will further help us deliver on that promise.” Enrolled network members in North America can take advantage of the services to deliver an improved experience for consumers. After completing successful co-innovation projects with companies like Volkswagen AG, Shell, VeriFone, Toyota Info Technology Center U.S.A. Inc., BMW AG and others, SAP partnered with Samsung Pay, Fidelity National Information Services (FIS), ZipLine and P97 Networks to deliver a seamless mobile pay-at-the-pump experience. SAP also partnered with leading parking aggregators, including ParkWhiz, Parking Panda and others to help drivers find parking quickly, efficiently and in the area of their choice. Intelligent Mechatronic Systems (IMS) Inc., a leading connected car technology company, is another network member offering connected car services for usage-based insurance and road charging with SAP Vehicles Network. By simplifying the business process to a single click and enabling users and companies to share data in a secure manner, the SAP Vehicles Network solution provides a flexible framework for any app provider, automotive firm or oil and gas company. Learn More  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Birgit Dolny, +49 (6227) 7-61664, birgit.dolny@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.
SAP Showcases the SAP Digital Boardroom
