WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the international parcel delivery service DPD migrated its German SAP Billing and Revenue Innovation Management solution to the SAP HANA platform, driving performance optimization and new growth opportunities. With the shipment of over 2.5 million parcels a day, it is critical for DPD to provide seamless services such as parcel and express shipping, as well as customized solutions. “We successfully migrated our SAP Billing and Revenue Innovation Management solution to SAP HANA and achieved 20 percent performance improvement, expecting an additional 30 percent improvement after various optimization measures,” said Bernd Steinhauer, project manager, SAP Competence Center of DPD GeoPost (Deutschland) GmbH. “DPD in Germany is now in a solid position to avoid bottlenecks at peak times and continue its expansion in the business-to-consumer market.” By upgrading its SAP Convergent Invoicing package and migrating SAP Billing and Revenue Innovation Management to the SAP HANA platform, tthe company drove a performance increase in its business-critical automated mediation and rating process. DPD also sees a 60 times faster selection of incorrect mediation data for the subsequent manual rerating process and benefits from a smoother monthly closing process. This helps allow DPD to tap into new opportunities and expand its business into new markets. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews or @SAPInMemory. Media Contacts: Dorothea Sieber, +1 (510) 314-1546, dorothea.sieber@sap.com, PDT Cathrin Von Osten, +49 6227 7 63908, cathrin.von.osten@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Joins the Industrial Internet Consortium to Accelerate the Internet of Things and Help Shape the Business of the Future
March 4, 2015 by SAP News
