BARCELONA — SAP (NYSE: SAP) and T-Systems today announced they have entered into an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) agreement for connected logistics. The SAP Connected Logistics software and the Connected Car solution from T-Systems, a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom, form the basis of the smartPORT logistics networking solution that has been successfully used in the Hamburg Port Authority. Companies, partners and customers are supplied with traffic information and services relating to the port using mobile devices such as tablets or smartphones. The objective was to optimize traffic and logistics processes in order to handle large volumes of goods in the port. The announcement was made at Mobile World Congress (MWC), being held March 2–5 in Barcelona. The future of logistics is in networking, and SAP and T-Systems are now jointly offering smartPORT logistics globally. With smartPORT logistics, the companies have created a comprehensive IT platform that has been combined with mobile apps. The offering is not only directed at ports but also at other logistics hubs such as airports, parcel distribution centers and production sites. Both companies are committed to work to extend the ongoing cooperation for cloud services in the domain of telematics services and real-time information for logistics solutions. “Today, the logistics industry is frequently faced with the challenge of having to optimize flows of goods in a limited area,” said Horst Leonberger, head of the Connected Car business unit of Deutsche Telekom. “With smartPORT logistics, we enable our customers to manage their flows of goods in real time and therefore make optimum use of the limited space.” “The Internet of Things is at the forefront of the fourth industrial revolution – Industry 4.0 – where smart businesses use information and communications technologies to digitize their processes and help reap huge benefits in the form of improving quality, driving lower costs and promoting increased efficiency,” said Nils Herzberg, SVP, Global Co-Lead, Internet of Things GTM at SAP. “The Internet of Things has the potential to dramatically simplify processes, reimagine customer experience and open up brand-new business models.” To learn more about the OEM agreement for connected logistics, please visit SAP and Deutsche Telekom at the SAP booth in Fira Gran Via Exhibition Center, located in Hall 6, Stand 6A30, at MWC. For more information, including additional news from SAP at MWC, visit www.sap.com or the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, EST Tanja Charrier, SAP SE, +49 (0) 62 27-7 48522, tanja.charrier@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard for SAP, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, EST Deutsche Telekom AG Corporate Communications Tel.: +49 (0) 228 181 – 4949 E-mail: media@telekom.de About Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Telekom is one of the world’s leading integrated telecommunications companies with around 151 million mobile customers, 30 million fixed-network lines and more than 17 million broadband lines (as of December 31, 2014). The Group provides fixed network, mobile communications, Internet and IPTV products and services for consumers and ICT solutions for business customers and corporate customers. Deutsche Telekom is present in more than 50 countries and has approximately 228,000 employees worldwide. The Group generated revenues of EUR 62.7 billion in the 2014 financial year – more than 60 percent of it outside Germany. Further information for the media at: www.telekom.com/medien and www.telekom.com/fotos http://twitter.com/deutschetelekom About T-Systems Deutsche Telekom considers the European business customer segment a strategic growth area. Deutsche Telekom offers small, medium-sized and multinational companies ICT solutions for an increasingly complex digital world. In addition to services from the cloud, the range of services is centered around M2M and security solutions, complementary mobile communications and fixed network products, and solutions for virtual collaboration and IT platforms, all of which form the basis for our customers’ digital business models. With approximately 47,800 employees worldwide, T-Systems generated revenue of around EUR 8.6 billion in the 2014 financial year. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Customer DPD in Germany Increases Productivity and Accelerates Growth with SAP HANA
March 10, 2015 by SAP News
