SAP Startup Focus Continues to Drive Innovation with 3,200 Startup Members
May 3, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that more than 3,200 early stage companies have joined the SAP Startup Focus program and are building enterprise solutions on the SAP HANA platform or SAP HANA Cloud Platform. Since the program’s inception in 2012, 210 SAP solutions have been validated and are now available from members of the SAP Startup Focus program. “The SAP Startup Focus program has experienced tremendous momentum since its introduction and continues to foster our innovation ecosystem,” said Manju Bansal, vice president and global head of SAP Startup Focus. “SAP forged this community to help startups quickly and easily gain market traction with Big Data, predictive and real-time analytics solutions that complement our technology and help our customers gain even more value from their investments in SAP HANA.” The 3,200 SAP Startup Focus members address a broad spectrum of industries such as aerospace, consumer products, healthcare, industrial machinery, life sciences and public sector. These companies are driving a wide array of innovations, including real-time simulations and pattern recognition, sense-and-respond cycles, personalized analytics, wearables, process mining, and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions. With these new offerings built on the trusted foundation of SAP HANA, customers can be confident that SAP-validated solutions are built to deliver value at an enterprise scale. Select SAP Startup Focus members will exhibit their solutions in Booth DE434 at the SAPPHIRE NOW conference, being held May 17–19, 2016, in Orlando, Florida: Aegro (precision agriculture), BeyondCore (smart pattern discovery), Blippar (augmented reality), Building Radar, (construction, lead generation, satellite), Bayshore Networks (industrial Internet of Things security), Capriza (business application modernization), Celonis (enterprise data mining), Choice Holding (utility fraud management), Espedia (product development platform for fashion), FogHorn (industrial Internet of Things), Meteo Protect, (weather index risk hedging), OpsVeda (operational intelligence and real-time analytics), Outside IQ (risk analytics for effective vendor procurement), SearchYourCloud (enterprise search and security), Smart Utility Systems (energy and utility customer engagement), TurnoutNow (behavior analytics for events), and Valsight (driver-based business simulations). Click here for more information on SAP Startup Focus. Follow SAP Startup Focus on Twitter at @SAPStartups. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Dana Dye, +1 (415) 846-1001, dana.dye@sap.com, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
