SAP Aims to Bring Digital Literacy to More Than 20,000 Youth with Africa Code Week
October 1, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the start of Africa Code Week, a continent-wide initiative to spread digital literacy and simplify access to coding education for young people. From October 1-10, 2015, online sessions and hundreds of free coding workshops will be organized for children and youth aged 8 to 24 across 17 countries: Benin, Botswana, Cameroon, Egypt, Ethiopia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Kenya, Madagascar, Morocco, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, South Africa, Togo, Tunisia and Uganda. “Digital literacy has the power to put millions of young Africans on the path to successful careers,” said Rachid Belmokhtar, the Minister of Education and Vocational Training of the Kingdom of Morocco. “Trained, tech-savvy graduates are needed to improve Africa’s position in the globally competitive knowledge economy. Everyone — from governments and educational institutions all the way to NGOs and corporations — has a role to play to spread digital literacy across Africa.” Africa Code Week is part of SAP’s effort to bridge this digital skills gap and drive sustainable growth in Africa. The company already invests in the SAP Skills for Africa program, which provides additional business and IT skills to recent university graduates. Africa Code Week reinforces that commitment to graduates while extending it to primary and secondary students, creating a full cycle of skills support for young people in Africa. Founded and orchestrated by SAP in partnership with Simplon.co, AMPION, the Galway Education Centre, the Cape Town Science Centre and the King Baudouin Foundation, Africa Code Week is supported by a fast-growing network of local governments, international and local educational organizations, NGOs and software companies across the continent. Google Inc. also joined Africa Code Week as a strategic partner to support local organizers of computer science and coding activities all over Africa. Africa has the fastest growing digital consumer market and the largest working-age population in the world. The World Economic Forum* expects the population of Africa to double to 1 billion by 2050, exceeding that of China and India. The potential problems triggered by this boom in working-age youth is compounded by a lack of educational opportunities, technology training in particular. At the same time, African companies are scrambling to fill positions with employees who possess the right digital skills. Only one percent of African children leave school with basic coding skills. In preparation for Africa Code Week, SAP has deployed its own IT experts as volunteers to train adults, parents, teachers and government staff, giving them the tools they need to bring coding knowledge to children and youth. To-date, they have already trained 1,500 educators. Workshops for the 8-11 and 12-17 age groups are based on Scratch, the famous system developed by the MIT Media Lab to simplify the face of coding for the young generation. Provided free of charge, Scratch makes coding accessible to anyone and is being used by millions of kids and teens around the world to create and share interactive stories, animations and games. Via the openSAP platform, SAP also offers free massive open online courses (MOOCs) for those who cannot attend Africa Code Week events or who want to take their Scratch programming experience to the next level. Local organizers will be able to setup computer science clubs in schools and introduce students aged 9-14 to computer science using the free and easy-to-use Google CS First enrichment materials. Students aged 18-24 will learn how to leverage Web technologies such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript, as well as Meteor.js. to create their own WhatsApp clone, a simple messaging app that runs on mobile devices. In parallel, AMPION Africa Code Week buses will tour Rwanda and the Western Cape in South Africa to allow children in rural areas to join the coding revolution. “In the next 10 years, today’s youth will determine whether businesses win or lose the game,” said Franck Cohen, president, Europe, Middle East and Africa, SAP. “These young Africans are pushing businesses to innovate — to do things simpler, faster, smarter and more sustainably, in ways that will ultimately change the world. If we equip young people with the best technology, give them skills that make them relevant to the job market and empower them to be bold, we’ll watch the next generation do incredible things.” SAP invites other companies and nonprofit organizations to help place African youth on the path to successful digital careers by joining the growing team of Africa Code Week partners. To learn more, visit the Africa Code Week website. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. *http://www.weforum.org/events/world-economic-forum-africa-2015 About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 293,500 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Rajiv Sekhri, + 49 6227 77 4871, rajiv.sekhri@sap.com, CET Robin Meyerhoff, + 1 (650) 440 2572, robin.meyerhoff@sap.com, PT Antonia Ashton, + 27 (21) 525 8711, antonia.ashton@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo via Shutterstock
