SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO — SAP SE (NYSE) today announced that more than 1,000 customers worldwide have chosen the SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central solution, its core human resources (HR) system built for the cloud. SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central is part of an end-to-end suite of HR applications, going beyond basic automation to add intelligence and insight to the most demanding business priorities. The next-generation core HR system (HRIS) is designed for the global enterprise workforce and delivered securely via the SAP Cloud portfolio, serving more than 40 million SAP SuccessFactors users. Today’s news marks a new chapter in SAP’s long history of human capital management (HCM) leadership, highlighting 30 years of delivering HR technology. “As a brand that’s pursuing rapid and aggressive global expansion, we have aggressive business objectives that need to align very closely with our talent strategy,” said Justin Watras, director of Talent Management and Organizational Effectiveness at Brooks Brothers. “Since debuting SAP SuccessFactors solutions in our organization a little more than a year ago, the transformation has been dramatic. We have not stopped since we went live with SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central and SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals. The benefits have ranged from significant efficiencies in processes, reduction of administrative workloads and tasks, to the more meaningful, more strategic value that has been added around knowing our people and being able to grow them better. We now have a true performance culture that is emerging and is taking hold in a really critical way.” “In reaching 1,000 SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central customers globally in just six years, SAP SuccessFactors is one of the fastest growing cloud core HR products in the market,” said Holger Mueller, vice president and principal analyst at Constellation Research. “Compare that to the 30 years they’ve been in the on-premise HCM business, and it’s a clear proof point of the higher rate of speed with which enterprises today are adopting cloud-based offerings.” “I believe one of the key reasons we are seeing this type of growth with SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central is because we didn’t build a solution to solve problems from the last 30 years, we built a solution for the next 30 years,” said Mike Ettling, president of SuccessFactors. “In building the HR system of the future, it was important to move beyond performing the same functions just in a more sophisticated way. If we are asking customers to join us on this journey of HR transformation, we must deliver value in return. More than a system of record, SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central is a system of engagement. One of the best examples of this is with the recently introduced intelligent services, which we’ve designed to further melt away old business processes that were previously required to bridge the gaps between various HR functions.” “SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central is such a robust tool,” said Sean Kundu, vice president of New Ventures for the San Francisco 49ers. “We’re now able to pull data so much more quickly, and when we need to make big, holistic decisions about how the company is going to operate, we’re able to do that much more easily. Providing that data is really critical, and that makes our jobs a lot simpler.” SAP SuccessFactors customer momentum is rooted in SAP’s mission to make workplace technology more human, intelligent and encompassing of the total workforce. SAP SuccessFactors recently unveiled intelligent services, designed to consolidate impending transactions that result from employee-related events, guiding the end user easily through typical HR processes and helping reduce reliance on – and cost of – shared services. Also delivered recently was integration between SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central and SAP Fieldglass offerings to enable companies to better manage their contingent labor along with their permanent employees. Expanding on the theme of total workforce management, new capabilities to help manage apprentices are planned in the near future. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @SuccessFactors and @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Geraldine Lim, SAP, +1 (415) 418-0945, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Adam Novak, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502-4300, sap@pancomm.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
Innovations to SAP Jam Collaboration Improve and Support a Continuous Learning Culture
January 26, 2016 by SAP News
