Leading Global Companies Simplify Their HR with SAP
August 11, 2015 by SAP News
LAS VEGAS — Following a series of high-profile customer wins in the United States earlier this year, SuccessFactors, an SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) company, today announced several new companies around the world who have recently chosen SuccessFactors and SAP to empower HR to effectively manage the employees of today and tomorrow. This announcement was made at SuccessConnect 2015, being held August 10–12 in Las Vegas. As the workforce becomes increasingly global, connected and dynamic, multinational companies continue to choose SAP for market-leading cloud-based solutions that help simplify workforce management. AECOM is a premier, fully integrated professional and technical services firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world for public- and private-sector clients. With primary offices located in New York City and Los Angeles and nearly 100,000 employees – including architects, engineers, designers, planners, scientists and management and construction services professionals – serving clients in over 150 countries around the world, AECOM is ranked as the #1 engineering design firm by revenue in Engineering News-Record magazine’s annual industry rankings and has been recognized by Fortune magazine as a World’s Most Admired Company. AECOM recently selected the SAP SuccessFactors Learning solution in an effort to consolidate numerous legacy systems into a single global platform. Heineken, the world’s most international brewer based in the Netherlands, employs over 81,000 people and operates more than 160 breweries in 70 countries. Heineken selected the SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central solution to support its new global HR strategy, standardize global HR data and processes, and unlock the full potential of its workforce. ThyssenKrupp AG is a diversified industrial group with 155,000 employees in nearly 80 countries. The German company selected SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central to standardize and harmonize HR data and processes globally. By choosing this solution, ThyssenKrupp expects to simplify HR processes, reduce complexity, increase operational efficiency and support future technical progress and innovations. Welspun Group, a multinational company and one of India’s fastest growing conglomerates whose core industries include pipes, steel, energy and home textiles, has selected solutions from SAP, Ariba, an SAP company, Concur, now part of SAP, and SuccessFactors along with the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service to enable and fast-track its “One Welspun” vision. With cloud solutions from SAP, Welspun expects to drive multifold benefits in defining a best-in-class, common and agile process among internal and external stakeholders, with a focus on driving growth and cost optimization across the business. “Across the world and in every industry, businesses are looking to adopt technology that makes HR functions easier and more strategic,” said Mike Ettling, president, HR Line of Business at SuccessFactors. “A job can only become simpler with the help of a modern technology that eliminates silos, complications and constraints of the past, and frees people to be able to focus on work that moves business forward. That’s why we are committed to providing the most comprehensive set of human resources solutions in the market. It’s a source of pride when our customers publicly recognize the value we can help them deliver.” This week at SuccessConnect 2015 in Las Vegas, HR leaders from the world’s most recognizable brands will share stories and strategies on how cloud-based human capital management (HCM) technology from SuccessFactors and SAP has helped them drive and simplify their workforce strategies. Join the conversation by following SuccessFactors on Twitter at @successfactors and watch the live keynotes here: http://successconnect2015.com/las-vegas. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 293,500 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Bri Vellis, +1 (650) 425-0278, bri.vellis@sap.com, PT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Adam Novak, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502-4300, sap@pancomm.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
