May 4, 2016 by SAP News
MONTREAL — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the ALDO Group, a world-leading creator and operator of desirable footwear and accessory brands, is using the SAP Hybris Commerce solution to enhance customer experiences across digital channels, increase sales, and support e-commerce expansion into new geographic markets. ALDO’s previous e-commerce site was challenged with inventory inaccuracy, a lack of flexibility and poor performance during times of high website traffic. Recognizing the need for a simple way to scale and streamline e-commerce operations, ALDO turned to SAP Hybris solutions, enabling an overhaul of the company’s existing architecture and a shift toward the future of omnichannel shopping. With more than 2,100 points of sale, ‪the company operates under two signature brands, ALDO and Call It Spring, and one multibrand retail concept, GLOBO. The ALDO Group wanted to engage with its global audience both in-store and across digital channels, where its customers were browsing and shopping with increasing frequency. Specifically, the company is using SAP Hybris Commerce to work seamlessly across channels so it can expand into new regions. Working closely with professional services personnel from SAP to upgrade its architecture, the ALDO Group was able to simplify back-end operations and offer increased visibility into the sales lifecycle. In doing so, it was able to optimize customer experiences and lay the groundwork for further growth and additional functionality. “Ten years ago, no one believed we could sell shoes online,” said Serge Rose, senior director, customer applications, ALDO Group. “However, we continuously exceeded our sales goals. With a need to scale and advance our commerce strategy to support our growth, we turned to SAP Hybris solutions. They have been critical to us in our commerce journey, enabling our brand to take the customer retail experience to the next level.” Since the deployment of SAP Hybris Commerce, the ALDO Group has experienced the following results:  Four percent more visitors to the company’s websites Twelve percent growth in conversions Twenty percent growth in year-over-year sales  The ALDO Group plans a total site redesign in 2017. As part of the redesign, it plans to introduce unique ways to engage digital shoppers through new payment and shipping options. It will continue to provide access to global inventory across all channels, including its mobile application, mobile points of sale and in-store kiosks. “The ALDO Group’s customers are like most customers today. They are shopping across devices and channels and expect the businesses they interact with to deliver rich, fast and effective omnichannel solutions,” said Brian Walker, chief strategy officer, SAP Hybris.* “We look forward to continuing this relationship with ALDO, supporting its evolution into a full omnichannel business, and enabling the best possible experience for their customers online, mobile or in stores.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @saphybris. About the ALDO Group ‪The ALDO Group is a world leading creator and operator of desirable footwear and accessory brands. With over 2,100 points of sale in 97 countries around the world, the company operates under two signature brands, ALDO and Call It Spring, and one multibrand retail concept, GLOBO. Founded in 1972 by Aldo Bensadoun, the ALDO Group leads operations from its head office in Montreal, and continues to act with its founder’s values of love, respect and integrity. More than 20,000 people work for the ALDO Group. For more information, visit www.aldogroup.com. Media Contacts: Jenny Gardynski or Nikki Festa, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502-4300, SAPHybris@pancomm.com, ET Geneviève Sharp, ‪Director of Public Relations, ALDO Group, +1 (514) 566-2915, gsharp@aldogroup.com, ET *SAP Hybris as a new brand name was launched in January 2016 to represent SAP solutions for customer engagement and commerce as well as the offerings, employees and business of acquired company hybris AG, which continues to be our legal entity until integration with SAP is complete. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Offers Unmatched Promotion Sensing and Optimization in the Cloud
