SAP Launches New SAP S/4HANA Service Packages
April 28, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced availability of SAP S/4HANA service packages to help enable fast and effective support for implementations of SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA) and provide a base for adopting future innovations. The new service packages are provided by Digital Business Services organization of SAP, which was renamed April 1 from Global Service &amp; Support to reflect its role in enabling customers’ digital transformation. The service packages cover all project phases and scenarios of SAP S/4HANA, including system conversion, landscape transformation and new implementations as well as all deployment options of SAP S/4HANA – on-premise, cloud and hybrid. They were designed to help customers transform their businesses by transitioning to a digital platform. The service packages combine the expertise of Digital Business Services with the broader partner ecosystem. “Continuing the evolution that Digital Business Services began in 2015, this offering highlights our commitment to our customers on their digital transformation journeys,” said Michael Kleinemeier, member of the Executive Board of SAP SE, Digital Business Services. “We want them to know that regardless of how they choose to perform their SAP software implementation, we will be there to support them.” “The offering is built on our business priorities to move our customers to the cloud, make the digital enterprise real and establish SAP S/4HANA as the digital core,” added Kleinemeier. “By taking a collaborative approach with SAP partners, these packages deliver the best from Digital Business Services and instill confidence in our customers.” The packages use SAP Activate innovation adoption – a framework that combines SAP Best Practices packages, implementation methodology and guided configuration to help customers streamline deployment of SAP S/4HANA. This packaged approach symbolizes the future of how Digital Business Services will deliver on its mission to lead global “servitization” in the new digital economy. Last year, Digital Business Services simplified engagement with customers and delivery of services by introducing a new model that provides one simplified service portfolio under one contract from one single global unit. Digital Business Services advises, deploys and provides a tailored engagement experience while implementing only what is necessary. The SAP S/4HANA service packages consolidate diverse services and embedded support in four distinct offerings, each with an increasing level of engagement.  SAP ActiveEmbedded for planning and safeguarding of SAP S/4HANA: This offering serves as the foundation service. It includes guidance on impact, challenges and the benefits of adopting SAP S/4HANA. It provides expertise on demand from a dedicated technical quality manager as well as access to a mission control center located remotely at an SAP facility. SAP ActiveEmbedded for technical implementation of SAP S/4HANA: This offering supports technical implementation, with experts providing detailed implementation planning. This service offers an innovation road map tailored to the customer’s needs, and individualized technical architecture and infrastructure documentation. SAP ActiveEmbedded for functional implementation of SAP S/4HANA: This offering supports implementation of innovations and new business scenarios for SAP S/4HANA. It provides modified custom code based on specific system needs to give customers more time to innovate and focus on value-added business practices. With this guidance, customers can progress swiftly through an optimized business transformation based on SAP S/4HANA. SAP MaxAttention for innovation with SAP S/4HANA: This offering delivers full business experience focused on SAP S/4HANA end to end. Advanced expertise provides guidance for anticipating the new business process scenarios required in the digital world.  “With this latest announcement, SAP continues the successful evolution of its services and support offerings to more closely match customers’ wants and needs as they move to achieve the full benefits of implementing SAP S/4HANA,” said John Madden, IT services practice leader at Ovum. “Digital transformation is top-of-mind among SAP customers, and they need consolidated, packaged services and support, delivered reliably and quickly, to accelerate their digital projects.” For more information on SAP S/4HANA service packages, please visit the SAP News Center or find further information here. Or talk directly with the service and support experts at this year’s SAPPHIRE NOW conference. Find out more here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and on LinkedIn. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 310,000 business and public sector customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
