LAS VEGAS — Business is different today. It’s no longer about executing a process within a company, but across an entire value chain. It’s not about the insights within an organization, but the intelligence of whole communities. It’s not about automating business processes to do things faster, but tapping collective insights and best practices to do things better — and in entirely new ways.  On April 7, executives from many of the world’s leading organizations will gather in Las Vegas for Ariba LIVE 2015 where they will learn how they can harness the power of business networks to do just this. Hosted by Ariba, an SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) company, Ariba LIVE 2015 is the business commerce event of the year. “Today’s businesses require higher levels of agility, efficiency and knowledge to operate,” said Tim Minahan, senior vice president, Ariba. “And the only way to enable this is through dynamic communities that connect companies with the applications, intelligence and partners they need to discover, connect and collaborate in the simplest possible way. Ariba LIVE 2015 is a unique forum through which companies of all sizes can learn to business networks to break down the barriers to collaboration and enable new processes that drive innovation and competitive advantage. The largest gathering of procurement, finance, sales and marketing and IT professionals, the event will feature keynotes from industry leaders who will share their insights on how networks are transforming their operations and delivering results, including:  Carl Hernas, Global Vice President of Procurement, Coach Jim Gillespie, Vice President and Global Head of e-Procurement Solutions and Operations, AIG Ken Lamneck, CEO, Insight  Practitioners from leading organizations will also share their knowledge and best practices during more than 70 interactive breakout sessions on a broad range of topics related to buying, selling and managing cash. Among the companies that will be represented:  Columbia Sportswear Teva Pharmaceuticals J. Heinz Company Campbell Soup Company HP IBM Dell NetApp Dollar Tree Southern California Edison Las Vegas Sands Caesars Entertainment National Business Furniture CDW W. Grainger Cox Enterprises Ryder Systems Fastenal  There will be ample opportunities for peer-to-peer networking, where attendees can share practical, actionable information that will help them more effectively manage today’s virtual enterprise and deliver the future of commerce. Registration for this can’t-miss event is open now. To reserve a place, visit: www.aribalive.com. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Karen Master +1 (412) 297-8177, karen.master@sap.com, EST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP and Jasper Team Up on IoT Services Initiative
March 3, 2015 by SAP News
