May 19, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that CEAT Limited is using SAP ERP powered by SAP HANA to allow its regional offices to monitor key performance indicators in real time in global markets. This helps CEAT to improve reporting and better manage financial and sales operations across a large tire distribution network. “With SAP HANA, product managers are now able to analyze performance with respect to the markets in real time,” said Niranjan Bhalivade, CIO, CEAT Limited. “They’re able to do pricing more accurately and offer better discounts to our customers.” CEAT, one of India’s leading global tire manufacturers with a capacity of over 95,000 tires per day, is dedicated to providing customers with the best tires at the right price. As the company has expanded, growing data was slowing down its IT system performance. With SAP ERP powered by SAP HANA, CEAT has reduced its database size by 80 percent, from 3 TB to 600 GB, to help dramatically simplify IT management. In addition, custom dashboards and automated reports are accelerating business processes and increasing visibility into day-to-day operations. This makes work easier for CEAT’s employees, distributors and partners and helps drive innovation. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Continues as Leader in Supply Chain Market
