November 11, 2015 by SAP News
BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the availability of the SAP Vehicles Network solution in Europe. Based on SAP HANA Cloud Platform for the Internet of Things (IoT), the solution allows companies to offer secure, convenient end-to-end mobile- and vehicle-centric services, independent of devices or vehicles. SAP Vehicles Network was launched in the United States and is now available in key European markets, with a number of leading parking aggregators including EasyPark, ParkCloud and OPG Center-Parking as launch partners. The announcement was made at SAP TechEd, being held November 10–12 in Barcelona. SAP Vehicles Network allows mobile wallet providers, mobile app providers and automotive companies to integrate pay-at-the-pump capabilities and parking services into their overall in-car or mobile user experience. SAP is delivering on its commitment to provide a standard and simple business process for consuming mobile fueling and mobile parking services and to expand the availability and the coverage of the services in Europe and North America. Enrolled network members in Europe can take advantage of the services to deliver an improved, simple and delightful experience for consumers. “Mobile parking has become an indispensable service with millions of customers who conveniently pay for parking via their mobile devices,” said Johan Birgersson, CEO of EasyPark. “SAP Vehicles Network allows EasyPark to address new sales channels such as automotive OEMs, mobile wallet providers and third-party app providers, who can now easily integrate mobile parking into a seamless in-car or mobile experience.” To provide a broad range of parking inventory, SAP is working with leading parking aggregators and operators including:  EasyPark, a leading provider of mobile parking services in Europe, with parking inventory in eight European countries and more than 400 city and parking operator contracts located in cities including Berlin, Barcelona and Rome. ParkCloud, a leading provider of airport parking, doing business in 39 countries worldwide. ParkCloud’s inventory consists of 1,250 car parks in 414 locations covering a total of 340,000 bookable parking spaces primarily located in airports and ports. OPG Center-Parking, one of the leading providers of off-street parking in Germany, with 65 off-street parking garages located in 18 cities including Berlin, Hamburg and Dresden.  “Available in over 600 cities and 8,500 locations across Europe and North America, SAP Vehicles Network is an industry- leading solution providing digital transformation, simplification and standardization for the parking industry,” said Dr. Tanja Rueckert, executive vice president, IoT &amp; Customer Innovation, SAP. “By combining the capabilities of IoT, cloud-based business processes and mobile payments, SAP Vehicles Network enables enrolled network members to innovate on new business models and generate new revenue streams while delivering an easy, sustainable and convenient vehicle-centric experience.” By simplifying the business process to a single click and enabling users and companies to share data in a secure manner, SAP Vehicles Network provides a flexible framework for any app provider, wallet provider or automotive firm to deliver a delightful parking and fueling experience to its customers. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Cathrin von Osten, +49 6227 7-63908, cathrin.von.osten@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
New Study: Small and Medium Companies Who Start Simple Grow Faster
