May 4, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today highlighted how customers across a wide range of industries continue to rapidly simplify their business, delivering elegant user experience and enabling digital transformation by leveraging the Industry Cloud organization at SAP and its approach. One of the world’s most recognized medical schools, Weill Cornell, has selected the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service to support its threefold mission: teaching, medical research and patient care. As an elite medical school with a high-performing staff, Weill Cornell sought a platform to accelerate transactions that drive this mission, transforming information delivery to decision makers responsible for enhancing medical student engagement, generating new research insights and providing top-level patient care. Weill Cornell implemented SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud with minimal disruption to its busy, demanding staff. While SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud is already speeding up day-to-day business, in the coming months Weill Cornell will activate the full power of the service to drive innovation and support Big Data-driven research. “Industries ranging from healthcare to retailing to financial services have markedly different customer and employee needs; however, across all industries, end users have come to expect fast, intuitive, rich interfaces,” said Simon Paris, president, Industry Cloud. “Combining unrivaled processing power with user-friendly, industry-specific capabilities marks a giant step for our customers as they embark on their digital transformation.” In the public sector, SAP recently unveiled a pilot solution developed through co-innovation with the Barcelona City Council: the Barcelona for You Tourist Network (BCN4U). BCN4U is envisioned as Barcelona’s next-generation intelligent mobile network connecting tourists and visitors with relevant businesses and points of interest. BCN4U is expected to run on top of SAP City Connect, a new solution designed to simplify the way people experience a city by seamlessly connecting people, places and things through an easy-to-use mobile app running on top of a sophisticated cloud network. With interactive features tailored to user needs, BCN4U is intended to enhance visitors’ experience by providing a new way to explore Barcelona, delivering personalized recommendations, special offers and information on attractions, events, transportation, lodging and dining. In financial services, Northern Trust, a leading provider of asset management and asset servicing solutions worldwide, announced today that it has implemented the SAP Financial Asset Management application to provide clients with more flexible, state-of-the-art solutions to support current and future needs in accounting and regulatory reporting. “The decision to integrate SAP Financial Asset Management is one way Northern Trust is enhancing its suite of solutions to meet the increasing accounting, reporting and regulatory needs of our insurance clients, for whom we service over US$1 trillion in assets,” said Dave Sullivan, head of Northern Trust Insurance Client Servicing in North America. “As our clients invest in more complex securities, such as private equity and bank loans, there is a greater need for multidimensional reporting that can cut across their investment portfolios.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Birgit Dolny, +49 (6227) 7-61664, birgit.dolny@sap.com, CET Stacy Ries, +1 (484) 619-0411, stacy.ries@sap.com, EDT Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, EDT Mat Small, +1 (510) 684-3552, m.small@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Delivers New Data Insights with SAP Lumira
