SAP Names Christian Klein as Chief Operating Officer, Thomas Saueressig as Chief Information Officer
April 29, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Christian Klein has been appointed chief operating officer (COO) effective April 1.  The company also named Thomas Saueressig as chief information officer (CIO) effective May 1. Klein is tasked with ensuring the optimization of SAP’s end-to-end business processes, supported by a highly automated and integrated IT landscape. In his role as SAP chief controlling officer he is also responsible for SAP’s Group Controlling and oversees the company’s 2015–2020 growth and profitability strategy. Klein, 35, joined SAP as a student in 1999 and has a degree in international business administration from the University of Cooperative Education in Mannheim, Germany. Saueressig, who at age 31 is the youngest CIO at a German DAX company, will lead SAP’s IT organization and report to the COO. Saueressig joined SAP in 2004 and was previously global head of IT service. He holds a diploma in business information technology from the University of Cooperative Education in Mannheim, Germany, as well as a joint executive MBA from ESSEC (France) and Mannheim Business School (Germany). For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Hilmar Schepp, +49 6227 7-46799, hilmar.schepp@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
