WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) has once again been positioned as a leader in the IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Social Technologies in Integrated Talent Management. This newly published report complements SAP’s leadership position in the four additional talent management categories published earlier this year: Recruiting, Learning Management, Performance Management and Compensation Management.* As companies increasingly adopt social technologies for better business execution, SAP continues its investment and focus on its market-leading social software platform, SAP Jam. With 17 million users, SAP Jam delivers social collaboration to the workplace, connecting employees, partners and customers to information, applications and processes to solve business problems and drive results. SAP has been recognized as a leader in this talent management series since the series’ inception in 2012. The reports evaluated software-as-a-service (SaaS) solutions from SuccessFactors, an SAP company, and recognized the company as a leader in cloud-based talent management software based on its product and service offerings, capabilities and strategies, and current and future market success. SAP’s key strengths include market momentum, depth of its portfolio and global reach. The company also received praise from clients in the categories of features, technology and reporting. “SuccessFactors has its own native social capabilities in SAP Jam,” said Lisa Rowan, research vice president, Human Resources, Talent and Learning Strategies, IDC. “In addition to covering all the talent functions, SAP Jam also offers work patterns that are predefined social processes based on best practices, which enable teams to get up and get running quickly while taking advantage of social collaboration to improve their work and more quickly meet their KPIs.” The IDC MarketScape reports assess vendors’ social technologies, recruiting, learning management, performance management and compensation management solutions through the IDC MarketScape model. According to the newly published Social Technologies MarketScape: “SAP Jam enables collaboration and other social functionality across the full SuccessFactors product portfolio. […] SuccessFactors is one of the only vendors offering collaboration around compensation, which is designed to let people interact and communicate around the compensation worksheet.”** “The power of social software technology remains largely untapped by organizations,” said Holly Simmons, vice president, Global Marketing, Social Software, SAP. “The potential lies in incorporating collaboration seamlessly into business-critical processes across the company like learning, performance management or onboarding to improve real business metrics in these areas. SAP Jam enables that collaboration at every level of business, increasing employee engagement and driving better results. We are proud to be recognized by the IDC MarketScape as a leader not only in social technologies but in integrated talent management as a whole.” To learn more, download the report excerpt here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About IDC MarketScape The IDC MarketScape vendor analysis model is designed to provide an overview of IT, telecommunications, or industry-specific suppliers in a given market. The research methodology utilizes a rigorous scoring methodology based on both qualitative and quantitative criteria that results in a single graphical illustration of each vendor’s position within a given market. IDC MarketScape provides a clear framework in which the product and service offerings, capabilities and strategies, and current and future market success factors of IT, telecommunications, or industry-specific vendors can be meaningfully compared. The framework also provides technology buyers with a transparent foundation to allow companies to independently compare the strengths and weaknesses of current and prospective vendors. Media Contacts: Janice Tsoules, +1 (650) 223-4817, janice.tsoules@sap.com, EDT Geraldine Lim, +1 (951) 318-3494, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PDT *IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Recruiting in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Assessment, #253855, January 2015 IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Learning Management in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Assessment, #253853, January 2015 IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Performance Management in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Assessment, #253854, January 2015 IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Compensation Management in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Assessment, #253852, January 2015 **IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Social Technologies in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Assessment, # 255616, April 2015 Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
Why Talent Drives Growth: Study from Oxford Economics and SAP Links Workforce Investment and Company Performance
April 23, 2015 by SAP News
