SAP Unveils SAP Business One Sales Mobile App for the Mobile Sales Workforce
April 26, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the availability of the SAP Business One Sales mobile app, a new mobile application for the SAP Business One application, which works with and is powered by the SAP HANA platform. The mobile app is designed to support customers representing small and midsize enterprises (SMEs) as well as subsidiaries of large enterprises. A trial version of the SAP Business One Sales mobile app can be downloaded from the App Store from Apple Inc. The announcement was made at SAP Business One Innovation Summit, being held April 26–28 in Orlando, Florida. The mobile app was developed based on SAP HANA and is tailored to the unique digital needs of sales professionals. It includes features such as pipeline management, inventory review, price quotation and order placement. By leveraging the SAP HANA platform the app can be accessed online, giving users 24×7 access to live, mission-critical data. The announcement confirms SAP’s commitment to the more than 50,000 existing customers of SAP Business One by providing them with an additional tool to succeed and grow in the digital economy. Enhancements include the ability to track activity and results and to forecast results from mobile devices, something that previously would have required a desktop computer. Enhanced with optimized user experience through improved visualization, the mobile app enables on-the-go sales professionals to meet the needs of today’s digital world by remaining connected anywhere, anytime. “Enterprise resource planning and e-commerce are two of the top five fastest-growing mobile apps utilized by successful SMEs to streamline their sales processes, allowing professionals to spend more time engaging with customers,” said Chris Chute, vice president, SMB Cloud and Mobility, IDC. “Purpose-built apps like SAP Business One Sales seamlessly extend key ERP capabilities to the point of customer engagement, the result being sustained agility and competitiveness.” The mobile app is suited for use in the 26 vertical industries that SAP software supports, including retail, consumer products, wholesale distribution, professional services, manufacturing and high tech. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews, @sapmidsize and @sapsmallbiz. Media Contact: Angelika Merz, SAP, +41 (58) 871-7216, angelika.merz@sap.com, CET Nate Hubbell, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0531, nate.hubbell@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
