June 16, 2015 by SAP News
NICE — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today unveiled innovations to its analytics portfolio with the 2.2 version of SAP Predictive Analytics software, now generally available, which extends the power of predictive analytics by enabling customers to get predictive insights on ultra-wide datasets to help make fast and accurate predictions in real time. SAP also introduced a new mobile app, SAP Cloud for Planning. These announcements were made at SAPinsider BI 2015, co-located with SAPinsider Financials 2015 and SAPinsider GRC 2015 and being held June 16–18 in Nice, France. “There is immense, untapped value in data and a huge opportunity to translate that value into tangible business outcomes,” said Steve Lucas, president, Platform Solutions, SAP. “By accessing and analyzing data we help our customers identify trends that reveal new markets, channels and innovations. SAP offers a complete portfolio of analytics solutions designed to extract meaning from internal and external data, unlocking the value that truly empowers business success.” SAP Extends the Power of Predictive Analytics to Wide Datasets and Data Streams of Big Data and IoT The data generated by Big Data and the Internet of Things (IoT) is highly dimensional and wide in nature, and can create huge challenges in data analytics. The 2.2 version of SAP Predictive Analytics automatically handles the wide datasets and helps improve both the efficiency and the effectiveness of predictive modeling. The software gives companies better insights in real time to increase understanding of customer behavior and improve response to customers, and delivers tangible business value — ultimately driving profitability for organizations. “With ever-growing Big Data and IoT data streams, predictive analytics plays a major role in driving actionable insights,” said Takafumi Kusano, CEO and president, BrainPad Inc. “SAP Predictive Analytics support of wide datasets in-database and in-memory is critical for us. With SAP Predictive Analytics, BrainPad is reimagining how we use data to make decisions — internally and externally — and ultimately drive actionable insights.” New capabilities included in the 2.2 version of SAP Predictive Analytics include:  IoT and SAP ecosystem: Wide datasets support and integration with the SAP Business Warehouse application, offline mode SAP HANA platform: New algorithms in automatic predictive library (APL) and improved integration with views in SAP HANA User experience: Improved R integration, new model comparison and model management enhancements  SAP Launches SAP Cloud for Planning Mobile App The availability of the SAP Cloud for Planning mobile app further enhances the social collaboration capabilities of this people-centric planning solution with embedded analytics. The new mobile app allows people to be notified of events and discuss plans in real time from any location with a simple user interface that looks and feels like a consumer application. SAP Resells Solution Extensions from NextLabs In addition, SAP now resells NextLabs solutions as SAP solution extensions that complement and extend SAP solutions for governance, risk and compliance with attribute-based dynamic authorization and technical data export compliance. The SAP Dynamic Authorization Management application by NextLabs and SAP Technical Data Export Compliance application by NextLabs aim to help increase collaboration and regulatory compliance, optimize supply chain efficiency and enhance data and cyber security. Visualization Standards Improve Decision-Making Process SAP works with visualization standards in business communication to continuously improve the quality and communication of data visualization in its analytics solutions. The practical benefits of visualization standards in business communication are better, faster and cheaper results at all stages of the decision-making process. SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio with graphomate charts has already been awarded the HICHERT®IBCS CERTIFIED CHARTS seal of approval with the International Business Communication Standards (IBCS) association. Rolf Hichert, co-founder and president of the IBCS Association, will be on site at SAPinsider BI to discuss why large corporations have standardized using this notation method. Other SAP partners such as APOS Systems Inc. and Galigeo are also extending the value of analytics solutions from SAP with new options for visualizing information in SAP Lumira software. SAP Kicks Off “DataGenius Challenge” The “DataGenius Challenge” provides answers to help solve real-world problems using data and SAP technology including SAP Lumira, SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio and SAP HANA Cloud Platform. Challenge entries will be judged by a panel of analytics and visualization experts, and winners will have an opportunity to make donations to charitable causes. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 291,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, PDT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Encourages the Spread of Knowledge With Free Online Classes
