Independent Analyst Report Ranks SAP as a Leader in Master Data Management Solutions
March 18, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced its recognition as a Leader in “The Forrester Wave™: Master Data Management, Q1 2016.” According to the authors of the Forrester report, “The No. 1 challenge for business decision-makers is the lack of business competency to deal with data that is messy, diverse or large. One way to meet this data challenge is by implementing a master data management tool.” SAP was among 12 master data management (MDM) vendors that Forrester selected for its 31-criteria evaluation of where each company stood in relation to each other to help data management professionals select the right partner for their master data needs. SAP received the highest score possible in data governance, data profiling and monitoring, administration and security. According to the report, “Leaders demonstrated extensive MDM capabilities for sophisticated master data scenarios, large complex ecosystems, and data governance to deliver enterprise-scale business value.” Additionally, the report noted SAP’s extensive MDM and data quality content that encompasses data models, business rules, reference data and workflow process templates. The report also states the following about SAP: “Customers appreciate the strong stewardship capabilities that solidify data governance across all MDM roles, data management and lines of business.” Download “The Forrester Wave™: Master Data Management, Q1 2016: The 12 MDM Providers That Matter Most And How They Stack Up.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
