WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced a partnership with Reuters that brings tools for the media industry’s digital transformation and powers Reuters’ data journalism for U.S. presidential election coverage. With the partnership, Reuters has deployed the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service as the new backbone for the Reuters Polling Explorer, and has used SAP Mobile Platform to build Reuters’ new White House Run mobile app that lets voters simulate the role of a presidential candidate. Additionally, Reuters editorial teams now have access to SAP Lumira software, which can be used for analytics and insight to allow journalists to explore data and easily create visual stories. The media landscape is experiencing a significant digital transformation. A wide array of technologies has changed how society has access to information, how it is delivered and how journalists can use technology to write deeper, more accurate and timely stories. Data journalism allows media organizations to help deliver compelling and in-the-moment coverage. Through this partnership, SAP is licensing its technology to Reuters as Reuters navigates this shift. SAP HANA is helping to reshape the delivery of data journalism. Reuters is deploying SAP technologies in three key areas:  Reuters Polling Explorer — The in-memory computing power of the SAP HANA platform allows Reuters to access and analyze 100 million survey responses for quicker and more efficient reporting of public opinion. And with that, as Reuters continues to integrate SAP HANA into its workflow, it will be looking to adopt its advanced capabilities, including built-in predictive analytics, to further enhance the performance of Polling Explorer and its user experience. Reuters White House Run election simulation mobile app — The experience of Polling Explorer will be brought to life for consumers on mobile devices using a Reuters election simulation app called White House Run. Leveraging the consumer edition of SAP Mobile Platform, Reuters has developed the White House Run app to let voters simulate the candidate experience using predictive analytics and Reuters polling data to help people understand the electability of different political personas and compare results with their friends. Additionally, White House Run includes in-app election news coverage and other features. Data visualization and exploration — Reuters has distributed SAP Lumira to its editorial teams where the software can be used to assist journalists in analyzing polling results and creating compelling data visualizations.  “Digital technologies are transforming politics and elections and turning American voters into digital voters,” said Jennifer Morgan, president, SAP North America. “Having access to real-time, data-driven information and public sentiment not only enables journalists to create engaging and compelling content but also empowers consumers and citizens with unique insights into the 2016 U.S. presidential election and the state of world affairs more broadly.” “The U.S. presidential election is one of the most important events this year, and data plays a key role in understanding it,” said Daniel Mandell, chief revenue officer of Reuters Media. “Voters rely on our coverage to make informed decisions. Partnering with SAP has allowed us to build a technological platform that enables our editorial team to quickly and efficiently sort through a mountain of data. This technology will let us deliver to readers the independently produced, unbiased news and information that they expect from Reuters.” For more information on how SAP HANA is helping to reshape the delivery of data journalism, visit Reuters Polling Explorer. To download the Reuters White House Run mobile app, available now for iPhone, visit the Apple App Store. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Bonnie Rothenstein, SAP, +1 (610) 661-8867, bonnie.rothenstein@sap.com, ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Ainsley Perrien, FleishmanHillard, +1 (202) 828-9773, ainsley.perrien@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Reaffirms Commitment to Open Source with New Development Environment for SAP HANA
March 8, 2016 by SAP News
