LONDON — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today launched the SAP Anywhere software in the United Kingdom. The new front-office solution is designed specifically to help meet the dynamic needs of small businesses and can provide everything a small business requires to run its customer interactions with ease in the digital economy. The native mobile solution was built from the ground up specifically for small companies. It incorporates user-friendly digital tools that manage e-commerce, marketing, customer engagement, inventory management and business analytics, from any mobile device or computer. SAP Anywhere is available to UK customers as of today. SAP Anywhere helps makes it possible for small companies to grow their business. Small and midsize enterprises (SMEs) can use SAP Anywhere to help them capitalize on retail store sales, build an entire website or online store, create marketing campaigns, sell the product, manage the inventory and analyze whether the business is performing successfully. They can do all of this from a mobile phone or tablet with business analytics at their fingertips. SAP Anywhere combines all of these features into a single cloud-based application, delivering a powerful solution to small businesses. It eliminates the daunting task of managing technology infrastructure and multiple applications to engage and transact with customers. SAP Anywhere incorporates a dedicated customer success team to provide integration and implementation assistance every step of the way, with the goal of driving long-term success for customers. “The launch of SAP Anywhere is great news for SMEs in the United Kingdom,” said Rodolpho Cardenuto, president of global channels and general business, SAP. “The more than 79 million small and midsize companies worldwide are the lifeblood of the economy. SMEs need SME solutions – solutions engineered specifically for them. They also want immediate return on their investment. That’s why I’m so excited about SAP Anywhere. It’s a simple solution for growing companies. It’s a game changer. We believe it’s going to revolutionize our business and the industry.” SMEs make up 80 percent of the customer base of SAP. The company has been able to bring together experts that understand exactly what SMEs need to achieve their goals. SAP Anywhere aims to take complexity out of running a business, while offering support to exploit the opportunities of the digital economy and ultimately sell more products and services. Google, PayPal and UPS Integrated into SAP Anywhere SAP has partnered with technology innovators in the SME space such as Google Inc., PayPal Holdings Inc. and United Parcel Service Inc. (UPS) to offer a single solution directly integrated into its partners’ platforms. This means users of SAP Anywhere can have one system through which they can use a leading payment system like PayPal and Google’s productivity and collaboration tools. “Communicating with customers is the most important work for any small business. These businesses can now interact with their customers more effectively from within Google Apps with full visibility of their customer and inventory data using SAP Anywhere,” said Rahul Sood, managing director, Google Apps. “We are excited about the work we are doing with SAP to deliver better integrated experiences across Google Apps and cloud solutions from SAP for our joint users.” Mark Brant, general manager, merchant services for the United Kingdom and Ireland, PayPal, added, “At PayPal, we’re always looking for ways to help businesses spend more time building relationships with their customers, and less time worrying about the complexities of managing an online store. While small and midsize businesses are eager to take advantage of the growth opportunities available online, it can be a daunting process. Together with SAP, we have made it easier than ever for businesses of any size to harness e-commerce and increase sales.” “A certified UPS integration with SAP Anywhere simplifies shipping and logistics for small and midsize businesses,” said Scott Aubuchon, vice president, Europe Region Marketing, UPS. “SAP Anywhere should enable these businesses to decrease the amount of time spent shipping so they can spend more time investing in and growing their business.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Margherita Di Cerbo, +44 207 648-5358, margherita.di.cerbo@sap.com, GMT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Henry Adams, FleishmanHillard, +44 20 618-2975, henry.adams@fhflondon.co.uk, GMT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Partners with Reuters to Power Data Journalism in the Digital Age and Deepen U.S. Presidential Election Coverage
February 24, 2016 by SAP News
