SAP and Vodafone Advance Internet of Things Platform Momentum
March 16, 2016 by SAP News
HANNOVER — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the Internet of Things (IoT) foundation bundle for SAP HANA, which features device connectivity management capability from Vodafone and is designed to help customers gain returns on their IoT investments quicker. The announcement was made at CeBIT 2016 being held March 14–18 in Hannover, Germany. SAP and Vodafone have signed an agreement to collaborate on customer projects in all markets that they jointly serve. This collaboration aims to allow enterprises to connect and manage devices using Vodafone’s IoT connectivity platform and to collect and move data from the devices into the SAP HANA platform to support predictive maintenance as well as other use cases. The technical certification of the integration between Vodafone and SAP HANA is supported by the new IoT foundation from SAP. The IoT foundation for SAP HANA integrates device connectivity management from Vodafone to help aggregate data from SIM-based IoT devices’ status, usage, rate plans and billing, and provides an integrated dashboard enabling SAP customers to easily manage global IoT deployments. By combining device connectivity management capabilities from Vodafone with IoT applications, the IoT foundation for SAP HANA can help simplify the process of acquiring and managing regional and/or global wireless services that interoperate with SAP solutions for the IoT. “SAP is building a strong ecosystem of key partners in the IoT space,” said Nayaki Nayyar, head of IoT GTM, SAP. “Working with companies like Vodafone, we are able to provide a seamless and feature-rich way for our customers to get the most out of their IoT data — from insight to outcome.” Vodafone Internet of Things director Erik Brenneis said: “The success of the IoT market is going to be built on partnerships. Working with SAP and bringing our joint expertise to customers will enable them to benefit from the IoT quickly and easily.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About Vodafone Group Vodafone is one of the world’s largest telecommunications companies and provides a range of services including voice, messaging, data and fixed communications. Vodafone has mobile operations in 26 countries, partners with mobile networks in 57 more, and fixed broadband operations in 17 markets. As of 31 December 2015, Vodafone had 461 million mobile customers and 13 million fixed broadband customers. For more information, please visit: www.vodafone.com About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, ET Cathrin von Osten, SAP, +49 6227 7-63908, cathrin.von.osten@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Sarah McKay, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2355, sarah.mckay@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
