September 28, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that independent analyst firm KuppingerCole has positioned SAP as the leader in all four categories in the KuppingerCole Leadership Compass for Access Control and Access Governance Solutions for SAP environments. KuppingerCole’s Leadership Compass is a tool that provides an overview of a particular IT market segment and identifies the leader in that market segment. The report states that “by adding the right Access Control components to their SAP infrastructure, organizations can significantly improve enterprise risk management and corporate compliance with applicable laws and regulations.” According to KuppingerCole, “It is clear that the overall leader is SAP with its Access Control product. This clearly reflects the role SAP plays within this special market. Full coverage of all required functionality and a constantly maturing product offering lay the foundation for this overall leadership.” “Due to our broad and innovative product portfolio, we believe the KuppingerCole report recognizes SAP leadership in access control and governance,” said Kevin McCollom, global vice president, Solutions for Governance, Risk and Compliance, SAP. “With SAP solutions for governance, risk and compliance, our customers can better manage risk while helping ensure profitability and growth.” SAP Access Control is a market-leading application for monitoring and enforcing user access and authorization controls. It helps prevent fraud and misuse of information and maintains compliance with international financial reporting and risk management regulatory mandates. In addition, the application supports access management activities such as access requests, automated provisioning, role management, emergency/superuser access and access certification. The full report can be found here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Wins Prestigious Red Dot Award for Design Concept
