April 30, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — As more businesses invest in cloud software or look to extending their current on-premise solutions to a hybrid cloud deployment, their expectations about cloud-based solutions fitting their specific business needs rise. To meet these growing expectations, SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the Service &amp; Support organization now offers a development service to build new cloud applications. The service builds them on SAP HANA Cloud Platform and through the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service and also extends existing cloud solutions from SAP. The service is offered on a subscription basis so customers simply pay a monthly fee, which covers development, deployment, maintenance and future updates, and, ultimately, lowers the total cost of ownership. The offering makes it easier for customers to consume cloud innovations, and it reduces the up-front capital expenditure required for the technology. “As more companies plan to move solutions to a pure or hybrid cloud, they also want the option to tailor those solutions to create a market differentiation for their business,” said Klaus Weber, executive vice president, Custom Development, SAP. “With the services on a subscription basis, SAP is making it simpler for businesses to move to the cloud by maintaining individualized solutions as the mainstream cloud solutions from SAP evolve. Developers at SAP work directly with the customer to determine the best course of action and help create a tailored cloud solution to outmaneuver the competition while keeping solutions running safely over time.” The rise in demand for tailored cloud solutions is the direct result of several factors. Many customers have unique business needs and recognize that the cloud can help separate them from their competition. The cloud has opened up new market opportunities by providing greater business agility and the flexibility to scale as a company grows. Businesses with custom solutions built into their on-premise environments have sought to extend and adapt those solutions to make them available in the cloud. As a result, SAP is offering its traditional on-premise application development services to build and tailor mission-critical solutions in the cloud with a subscription-based pricing model. Customers can now leverage the cloud to bring innovations to market faster without carrying the burden of operating and maintaining the solutions. Recently, the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, CancerLinQ LLC, will use the SAP HANA platform in the development of ASCO’s cloud-based CancerLinQ™ solution. CancerLinQ is a groundbreaking health information technology (HIT) platform that will harness Big Data to deliver high-quality care to patients with cancer. It is one of few major cancer data initiatives being developed and led by physicians with the primary purpose of improving patient care. It provides just one example of how SAP will develop and deliver differentiating solutions that help organizations maximize the potential of the cloud. “The cloud has become ubiquitous in today’s technology world, but some organizations find challenges in applying it to address their unique business needs,” said Peter Marston, research manager; Application Development, Testing and Management Services (ADTMS) program; IDC. “Customers don’t want to simply know that they can move to the cloud. Rather, they want to move in a way that makes sense for their businesses that creates sustainable competitive advantage and business value. Creating new applications and extensions utilizing the cloud on a subscription basis enables organizations to tap into the power of the cloud for application development speed and agility without breaking the bank.” To learn more about the topic, see IDC Technology Spotlight “Custom Application Powered and Enabled by Cloud Computing.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
Statement on SAP Anywhere Availability in China
