November 17, 2015 by SAP News
BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today highlighted the success of several local governments, partners and startups using SAP solutions to manage population growth, disasters, citizen services and daily community stresses. SAP presented these success stories at the Smart Cities Expo and World Congress, being held November 17–19 in Barcelona. “As individuals, we know that change and stress are sometimes unavoidable; what counts is how you surmount them and move on, and the same holds true for communities,” said Sean O’Brien, global vice president for Future Cities &amp; Public Security, SAP. “Cities are increasingly investing in technology to promote their overall health and resilience, much as we do when tending to our physical fitness.” Surmounting Urban Challenges on the SAP HANA Platform Software developers are choosing the SAP HANA platform to address the diverse challenges associated with building a resilient community:  Atomiton abstracts, models, indexes and makes city infrastructure searchable, allowing city managers to use sensors and app developers to innovate using this newly available data. Capriza simplifies urban management tasks and functions into quick one-minute workflows that enable employees to be productive, keep city officials up to date and keep citizens connected. It is far less expensive than traditional mobile application development. Incelligent helps avoid the need for separate networks for Internet of Things (IoT) data streams and other business or consumer traffic, making data-intensive visions for cities a reality. Incelligent also harnesses Big Data to transform networks into cognitive systems that self-optimize for effective urban service delivery when demand peaks, such as during conferences, parades and sporting events. OSIsoft enables real-time operational intelligence across a city’s operations. It integrates with the SAP HANA platform to provide novel insights through integration and advanced analysis of industrial operations and business data. Wittos is helping realize the European Union’s vision for a single, continent-wide telecom market. This involves the use of behavioral profiling technology to glean insights from IT users to help define what consumers need and the business models that are necessary to address such needs, all while maintaining the user’s privacy and data security.  The IoT is central to building smart cities. SAP is the first company to announce IoT solutions based on the new Intel IoT platform, developing solutions on SAP HANA Cloud Platform and running on the Intel Xeon processor E7 v3 family, providing the foundation for real-time, predictive solutions for customers. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Mat Small, SAP, +1 (510) 684-3552, m.small@sap.com, PT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Erin Albright, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2344, erin.albright@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo via Shutterstock
SAP Simplifies Adoption and Consumption of SAP Fiori with Planned New SAP HANA Cloud Platform Services
