SAP Announces Global Mid-Year Partner Update Event
July 20, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it will host a live, informational webinar for its partners on the state of the SAP partner business and exciting new opportunities for all partner types. With a vibrant ecosystem of more than 13,000 partners, including over 1,500 engaged in the cloud, SAP will detail a vision for driving business in the second half of 2015 and beyond. Participants can register for the event here. Who:  Rodolpho Cardenuto, President of SAP Global Partner Operations, and other members of the SAP Global Partner Operations senior leadership team Darren Bibby, Vice President of Channels and Alliances Research, IDC  When:  Tuesday, July 28, 10:00 a.m. ET / 4:00 p.m. CET  Agenda:  State of the SAP partner business, including a look back and a look ahead Benefits of the SAP PartnerEdge program How to fully leverage the SAP Global Partner Operations organization Successes of fellow SAP partners Analyst impressions and industry insights Ways to accelerate business  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. For more information, press only: Jason Loesche, +1 (484) 437-0015, j.loesche@sap.com, ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Erin Albright, +1 (212) 453-2344, erin.albright@fleishman.com, ET About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 291,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
