Gartner Names SAP a Leader in Magic Quadrant for Energy and Utilities Enterprise Asset Management Software
November 3, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has been positioned as a leader in asset management software according to the recent Gartner Magic Quadrant for Energy and Utilities Enterprise Asset Management Software.* “We believe the placement by Gartner reflects that SAP’s leadership in the utilities and all asset-intensive markets, including chemicals, mill, mining, and oil and gas, continues to grow and that our recent innovations in the areas of enterprise asset management are being widely adopted,” said Dr. Achim Krüger, vice president, operational excellence solutions, SAP. “We will continue to enhance our capabilities around user experience and asset information management as well as simulation and predictive technologies.” SAP software helps more than 15,000 customers in 82 countries manage their assets. For 40 years, SAP has helped businesses run better through world-class software solutions that solve complex problems to plan, acquire, operate, and maintain assets for delivering products and services to the global economy. SAP software enables asset-intensive customers to:  Integrate engineering, manufacturing, asset management, sustainability, and supply chain processes with information from planning, design, delivery and consumption Establish a single, real-time view of operational and business performance and integrate sensor data Optimize asset availability and reliability for balancing cost, risk and performance Leverage analytics for simulation and predictive strategies  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SAPIndustries. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, ET *”Gartner Magic Quadrant for Energy and Utilities Enterprise Asset Management Software,” Sept. 15, 2015, by Lief Eriksen Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
