July 9, 2015 by SAP News
BURLINGTON — SAP America, Inc., a subsidiary of SAP SE (NYSE: SAP), today announced it has relocated its Greater Boston Area headquarters from 3 Van de Graaff Road in Burlington, Mass. to 15 Wayside Road in Burlington, Mass. The relocation merges two SAP offices in the area to create a single collaborative environment double the size of the previous location. Employees from a variety of lines of business, including field sales, services, development and engineering, will be based out of the new office. “This relocation demonstrates SAP’s commitment to the Boston area and fulfills a long-term strategy to strengthen our presence here,” said Marianne Heer, head of Global Service and Support, SAP North America. “This new space will energize our employees and foster our culture in the Boston area as SAP continues to focus on driving innovation alongside our pursuit to Run Simple.” The new office includes upgraded facilities and amenities that will be available in early July. SAP looks forward to bringing  customers, partners and employees together in a more robust customer area. Located in the Burlington Office Park, an institutional-quality office complex, the new headquarters are located in one of Boston’s most vibrant submarkets. In addition to the office space in Burlington, SAP also has a lab in Kendall Square, a hotspot for technology companies on the East Coast. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Andy Kendzie, +1 (202) 312-3919, andy.kendzie@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
High-Growth Innovators from India and East Africa Join SAP Social Entrepreneur Fellowship Program in Silicon Valley
