SAP has appointed Claudio Muruzabal as the new president for SAP Latin America &amp; the Caribbean (LAC). Effective August 1, Muruzabal will use his leadership skills to continue positioning SAP at the center of the technology revolution, helping Latin American organizations fight complexity and generating new opportunities for innovation and growth. Muruzabal was previously CEO of NEORIS. “On behalf of the entire SAP Global Managing Board, we are delighted that Claudio will join SAP as the president of the Latin America &amp; Caribbean region,” said Robert Enslin, President of SAP Global Customer Operations. “Claudio’s extensive experience and expertise in the information technology industry, coupled with a proven track record of driving profitable business growth provides the region with a distinct competitive advantage.” With more than 25 years in the IT industry, Muruzabal successfully lead the evolution of NEORIS from being the IT branch of CEMEX, to becoming a global fast growth business and IT consulting company. During his 10 year tenure, NEORIS achieved global partner status with SAP. Previously, Muruzabal served as vice president of NCR’s Teradata for Latin America and the Caribbean, and also held numerous executive positions throughout his 17 year career at NCR. Muruzabal has a MBA from The Fuqua School of Business of Duke University, and a degree in Business Administration from the Catholic University of Argentina, where he also obtained certification as a public accountant. “I am tremendously excited to assume this new challenge at SAP,” said Muruzabal. “I hope that my prior experience as a close partner to SAP and my knowledge of what customers in Latin America require to grow and compete, will contribute to further their journey to successfully Run Simple.” Muruzabal takes over from Rodolpho Cardenuto, who became interim president of SAP Latin America, in addition to his role as president of SAP’s Global Partner Operations. “Claudio’s appointment allows Rodolpho Cardenuto to once again focus his full attention on leading the SAP Global Partner Operations Organization,” said Enslin. “On behalf of the SAP Global Managing Board, we want to thank Rodolpho for his outstanding leadership and willingness to lead the region.”
Latest Release of SAP SQL Anywhere Suite Brings Mission-Critical Services to the Internet of Things and Cloud
July 15, 2015 by SAP News
