BAT Selects SAP to Simplify HR Operating Model
October 27, 2015 by SAP News
LONDON — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that British American Tobacco (BAT) has selected the leading cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solution provider, SuccessFactors, an SAP company, to standardize human resources (HR) services for BAT’s 57,000 global employees. “Our IT strategy focuses on a single portfolio of connected applications running on standardized technology to drive competitive advantage across the business,” said Phil Colman, CIO, BAT. “Implementing SAP SuccessFactors solutions will help us to continue to deliver on that strategy.” SAP will provide both core HR and talent management capabilities to help BAT achieve a real-time and predictive view of critical HR data. This enables BAT leaders to make talent, leadership and organizational decisions more efficiently and with greater insight. SAP SuccessFactors solutions can help BAT effectively identify high-performing leaders and emerging talent to support the investment and focus on succession planning for critical roles. BAT, a global tobacco company headquartered in London, has chosen to implement the full SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite, including SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central, SAP SuccessFactors Recruiting, SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals and SAP SuccessFactors Learning. BAT is a top five FTSE leading organization and market leader operating in 200 countries, with manufacturing operations in 41 countries. “Market leaders like BAT become leaders by focusing on making their people successful so the business will be successful. Managing a high-performing global workforce requires HR solutions that support today’s leadership, identify tomorrow’s leadership, and engage employees with tools that make their lives easier,” said Mike Ettling, president, SuccessFactors. “With the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite, BAT will bring in standardization of global processes along with best-in-class talent management to support the business’s vision and strategy.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Bri Vellis, +1 (650) 425 0278, bri.vellis@sap.com, PDT Kate Falcone, +44 (0)7966 975966, kate.falcone@sap.com, GMT  SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo via Shutterstock
