New Focused Solutions for Developing Custom Innovation on Top of SAP Solution Manager Available Now at SAPStore.com
April 26, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced availability of Focused Build and Focused Insights for SAP Solution Manager, available now on SAPStore.com. These new solutions deliver specialized features and functionality on top of SAP Solution Manager, SAP’s central lifecycle hub for SAP systems and solutions, on premise and in the cloud. “SAP Solution Manager accelerates innovation, manages application lifecycles and runs solutions, end to end, on one integrated business and IT platform,” said Marc Thier, senior vice president, SAP Solution Manager. “SAP customers with functional needs beyond the standard scope of SAP Solution Manager can now use these powerful new offerings to develop and enable focused innovation on top of SAP Solution Manager, easily and cost effectively, via digital delivery on SAPStore.com. With the focused solutions, customers get ready-to-run extensions for SAP Solution Manager to accelerate the building and running of IT solutions.” SAP Solution Manager is a highly stable and robust platform that offers integrated, end-to-end management processes to all SAP support customers, which equals about 98 percent of all SAP customers. With these focused solutions, customers are able to extend the scope of SAP Solution Manager and benefit from the productivity provided without incurring costs for coding, documentation, and training and onboarding staff, as well as costly maintenance activities. The solutions, which are offered on a subscription basis, are the latest additions to the SAP Digital organization’s portfolio of offerings. SAP plans to introduce additional focused solutions for SAP Solution Manager later in 2016 and beyond. Focused Build for SAP Solution Manager helps boost efficiency and quality in IT delivery to meet business needs. It provides a built-in and integrated tool-supported methodology to manage business requirements as well as simple improvement requests and software development in agile innovation implementation projects of SAP S/4HANA. With it, users can expedite the capture and delivery of new business models and related requirements, integrate on-site and remote teams, and simplify reporting. It includes business demand and requirements management, integrated risk management, and clear-cut collaboration features that allow users to orchestrate business and IT units as well as global development teams. This methodology and toolset were conceived in large engagements of SAP MaxAttention services and, since their successful market introduction, have been established as the standard implementation method for projects with a high innovation ratio for SAP S/4HANA. Focused Insights for SAP Solution Manager allows users to tailor dashboards in their innovation and operation control centers to their specific needs. They can build and distribute powerful, flexible, customer-specific dashboards in minutes without the need for custom programming. The dashboards and reports can be created to align with the user’s objectives and requirements for operations, monitoring, governance, application performance and program readiness. The solution allows for personalized content and the delivery of content tailored for all roles in an organization, using the same set of indicators, from real-time metrics to long-term strategic IT key performance indicators for operators, administrators, managers and executives. To license these solutions, go to SAPStore.com, select the number of user licenses you need, and simply purchase them with a credit card. Pricing is €250 per user per year, with a contract term of 12 months, which is renewed automatically. For more information, visit SAPStore.com and the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Amanda Mountain, +1 (315) 878-2290, amanda.mountain@sap.com, ET Cindy McKendry, +1 (503) 231-7274, cindy.mckendry@sap.com, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
