SAP University Alliances Program and Deloitte Consulting Build Next-Generation Skills and Drive Innovation from Academia to the SAP Ecosystem
October 23, 2015 by SAP News
LAS VEGAS — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the SAP University Alliances program and Deloitte Consulting are joining together to develop early talents for the digital enterprise and drive innovation from academia to the SAP ecosystem. The announcement was made at the SAP TechEd conference, being held October 19–23 in Las Vegas. Deloitte’s SAP practice hires top graduates from leading SAP University Alliances member institutions, focusing on students achieving SAP certification. Deloitte now joins SAP, the Americas’ SAP Users’ Group (ASUG) and Delaware State University in “Project Propel Empowered by SAP.” “A diverse workforce is critical to our success and the success of companies we work with,” said Jan Waals, principal, Deloitte Consulting LLP, and leader of the global practice for SAP solutions. “We support Project Propel, coach historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) members and hire bright young talents for our SAP practice.” SAP and Deloitte will enable next-generation consultants to discover innovative solutions to address business challenges while at university through crowdsourcing, co-innovation projects and student contests. The recent SAP Co-Innovation Event, sponsored by Deloitte and SAP, will serve as a model for future events to bring university students together to leverage SAP solutions and their own innovative thinking to develop creative go-to-market solutions for business. “We need to harness the creativity of today’s youth to disrupt how business is done,” said Bernd Welz, executive vice president and head of Scale, Enablement and Transformation, SAP SE. “The newly launched SAP Next-Gen Consulting  program helps do this and working together with Deloitte we can drive more innovation through events such as the SAP Co-Innovation Event held at the Deloitte University.” “We welcome Deloitte in teaming up on this strategic initiative,” said Rodolpho Cardenuto, president, Global Partner Operations, SAP SE. “It is a key direction for our partners in building future talent and next generation consulting services to support the digital transformation.” To learn more, visit the SAP University Alliances and Deloitte Consulting websites. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and follow Deloitte at @DeloitteSAP. Media Contacts: Tanja Charrier, +49 6227 7-48522, tanja.charrier@sap.com, CET Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
