SAP Celebrates 1,000 Cloud HCM Customers Milestone in EMEA
October 27, 2015 by SAP News
PARIS — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that it has reached a significant milestone of 1,000 cloud-based human capital management (HCM) customers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). The announcement was made at HR Tech World Congress, held October 27–28 in Paris. A number of European companies, including Heineken and ThyssenKrupp, have recently selected leading SAP SuccessFactors HCM solutions to drive better workforce results. More than 400 of these 1,000 customers selected SAP SuccessFactors Learning, and more than 300 chose SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central. SAP is the clear choice for European customers as they seek new and innovative ways to manage and optimize their talent. Leading global companies are recognizing the importance of human resources as a priority and are choosing cloud-based technology to build a workforce with the skills to meet future business objectives. The following companies have chosen SAP SuccessFactors solutions in their industries to optimize their workforce with cloud-based HCM software:  Bertelsmann, an international media, services and education company that operates in 50 countries around the world, is regarded as a top employer in Germany and internationally. Bertelsmann chose the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite, including SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central, for its 118,000 employees to build a single, unified, state-of-the-art HR system. This will enable the company to simplify and streamline HR processes and to improve HR efficiency and effectiveness, empowering Bertelsmann to achieve its strategic goals with regard to digital transformation and growth. Computacenter, Europe’s leading independent provider of IT infrastructure services, selected the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite, including SAP SuccessFactors Learning and SAP SuccessFactors Recruiting, to standardize and simplify global HR processes and align employees with the business strategy. The UK-based company helps organizations maximize productivity and the business value of IT, and the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite will help Computacenter reduce complexity, increase productivity, and meet current and future business needs. Rostelecom, one of the largest national telecommunications operators in Russia and Europe, selected the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite, including SAP SuccessFactors Learning and SAP SuccessFactors Recruiting, to drive standardization, build a unified HCM system and simplify HCM processes across the organization. Rostelecom is a recognized technological leader in innovative solutions, and the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite will enable the company to build a committed, competitive and productive workforce. Telkom, a leading communications services provider in South Africa, selected the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite, including SAP SuccessFactors Learning and SAP SuccessFactors Recruiting, to simplify and automate HR processes, build a culture of compliance and create an accurate picture of the workforce. By choosing SAP SuccessFactors solutions, Telkom will be able to transform HR and communicate the company strategy and values to its 18,400 employees while staying compliant, reducing costs, increasing productivity and driving operational efficiencies.  “Building a strong team and keeping your employees engaged across the business is critical to success today,” said Mike Ettling, president, SuccessFactors, an SAP company. “Expectations are different — people increasingly demand solutions that support connectivity and mobility and that are easy to use. Recognized as a Leader in the 2015 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Talent Management Suites* for the third consecutive year, we meet these needs. Our ambition of providing leading global solutions is validated when top European companies, that do business around the world, select us as a partner.” This week, SAP joins HR Tech World Congress in Paris, the world’s foremost congress and expo for global HR leaders across Europe. Visit SAP at booth #113. Join the conversation by following SuccessFactors on Twitter at @successfactors, and find more information on HR Tech World Congress here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Geraldine Lim, +1 (951) 318-3494, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PT *Gartner, “Magic Quadrant for Talent Management Suites” by Yvette Cameron, Jeff Freyermuth, Ron Hanscome and Helen Poitevin, August 2015. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
