February 18, 2015 by SAP News
SAN DIEGO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the general availability of the SAP Cloud for Planning solution. SAP Cloud for Planning ushers in a new generation of planning in the cloud, simplifying planning processes with a consumer app–like user experience. Built natively on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, SAP Cloud for Planning embeds social collaboration and analytics directly within the context of the planning process so people can plan, analyze and discuss in context rather than having to jump to another application. This announcement was made at the FP&amp;A Innovation Summit being held Feb. 18–19, 2015, in San Diego. Click for full size image.   “The results of our recently published research on next-generation business planning underlined the importance of using a dedicated planning application with advanced analytics and collaboration-in-context capabilities,” said Robert Kugel, senior vice president and research director, Ventana Research. “The data showed that there is a correlation between the use of advanced analytics and more effective collaboration and gaining accuracy and agility in a company’s planning processes.” SAP Cloud for Planning is a future-oriented solution designed from inception around people instead of technology. Finance and other line-of-business professionals can now help eliminate the complexity of their planning processes and quickly integrate corporate and divisional plans to drive better results with fact-based decision making. Its modern look and feel and natural flow between planning and analysis enable people to plan and simulate at multiple levels of detail, with multiple numbers of users, at any time without having to wait. “Our mission was simple – build a modern financial planning solution in the cloud with the look and feel of a consumer app, and bring collaboration and analytics where they belong – within the context of the planning process,” said Steve Lucas, president, Platform Solutions, SAP. “We wanted to bring something different to market than what’s currently available in the cloud.” The new solution is centered around the user so there’s a natural flow between analyzing, planning, collaborating and consuming information. Because it’s built on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, the in-memory platform-as-a-service, users can get up and running quickly with a future-oriented planning and analysis solution. SAP Services offers several options to support customers looking to facilitate planning processes throughout the enterprise and embark on cloud transformation delivered by experts in both technology and industry. Three quick-start implementation options for SAP Cloud for Planning are available – proof of concept, initial implementation and implementation of a complete business process. SAP also offers full lifecycle options and support through its proven cloud methodology, SAP Launch, for customers with complex integration requirements. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, EST SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, EST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved.  SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.
SAP Simplifies Direct Store Delivery With New Mobile Solution
