December 8, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced availability of a new release of the SAP Digital for Customer Engagement solution, available for purchase at SAPStore.com. This digitally native offering is a simplified cloud customer relationship management (CRM) solution designed to meet the needs of individuals and small teams, but with enterprise-grade capabilities for both sales and customer service. The enhancements in the latest release enable teams to go far beyond traditional CRM offerings by fully integrating sales, marketing and services capabilities for an all-in-one, end-to-end customer experience. SAP Digital for Customer Engagement was originally introduced in May 2015. Since then, over 3,000 orders have been placed for it on SAPStore.com. The solution allows users to better manage connections, reach more customers and get better business insights powered by the SAP HANA platform. New features and capabilities provide a seamless connection to every customer and every sale — all in one place, including:  E-mail marketing functionality to increase productivity Sales forecasting capabilities Access to a social help desk (via Twitter), for online collaboration and feedback to questions via the community of real-world users of the solution Ability to sell anywhere with included native mobile apps, now for iOS and Android devices, in addition to the previously available support for Windows devices Easier onboarding for teams and enhanced data-access management options for leaders, giving everyone on the team access to the data that is relevant for their jobs, empowering them to make decisions when they need to New, powerful, built-in reports that provide insights into sales and service issues  According to a recent study published by Forrester Consulting on behalf of Accenture and hybris, an SAP company, business buyers are increasingly adopting digital touch points for work purchases, with 70 percent of business-to-business revenues now coming from customers using digital channels* (for example, SAPStore.com). And 65 percent of buyers reported an increase in total spend online on work purchases.* These statistics bode well for SAP Digital for Customer Engagement and other solutions in the digital portfolio available online at SAP Store, where individuals can make self-service purchases using a credit card. SAP Digital for Customer Engagement is available exclusively at SAP Store, for purchase or as a free, productive 30-day trial. Anyone participating in the trial automatically receives the enhancements rolled out with each successive release of the solution. After the trial period, it is priced at US$29 per user per month. It is provisioned immediately upon purchase and can be set up in minutes by following simple in-product walk-throughs. Access to data is available anytime, anywhere and on mobile devices at no additional cost. An individual sales manager can import customer data from disparate systems, including Outlook, Google or CSV files, and immediately begin tracking and managing all customer interactions in one place. For more information, visit SAPStore.com or the SAP News Center. On Twitter, follow SAPStore.com at @SAPstore and SAP News at @sapnews. Media Contact: Cindy McKendry, +1 (503) 231-7274, cindy.mckendry@sap.com, PT *“Mastering Omni-Channel B2B Customer Engagement,” a study conducted by Forrester Consulting, Oct. 2015, commissioned by Accenture and hybris. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP and Philips Team Up to Make Cities Smarter with SAP HANA
