WALLDORF — In an effort to meet evolving learning needs, SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the acceleration program for the SAP Learning Hub program to enhance digital learning experiences for users. This program simplifies the SAP Learning Hub program and provides an even more attractive price structure. “We are in the midst of a technological revolution in the business world comparable to the Industrial Revolution. The most successful companies are not simply doing the same things more efficiently with technology. Rather, they are using technology to conduct business in entirely new ways, and faster learning brings competitive advantages,” said Stefan Haenisch, senior vice president and head of Knowledge Transfer &amp; Education, SAP. “With SAP Learning Hub, we are providing knowledge on technologies before they may even be available. Our goal is to provide flexibility and freedom to explore our vast knowledge base, as well as instructional guidance and coaching.” SAP Learning Hub provides a cloud-based enterprise learning management solution. It enables people to learn the ins and outs of SAP software systems and allows them to update their skills regularly with regard to implementation, operation and use. SAP has streamlined its offerings to three main editions: professional, user, and student. By simplifying this program and taking into account user feedback, SAP has delivered a seamless, modern user experience providing quick, easy access to learning content specific to individual needs. SAP Learning Hub has a tool or solution for every type of learner and an abundance of training material. Over 330,000 subscribers have used SAP Learning Hub, a five-fold increase since it was launched on a cloud-based platform in 2014. 2016 will see an additional 26,000 learners join the community with the launch of SAP Learning Hub, edition for SAP Enterprise Support. This is made available by the award-winning SAP Enterprise Support Academy program to customers of SAP Enterprise Support services under their software maintenance contracts or subscription agreements. In 2015, a successful pilot focusing on content related to the SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA) for key users was initiated. As a result, customers of SAP S/4HANA are the first to benefit from this new edition. A full catalog of offerings will be added on a gradual basis throughout 2016. “The focus of training and education in the enterprise has shifted from static, classroom-based training to a just-in-time model that is available online and on any device,” said Joshua Greenbaum, principal, Enterprise Applications Consulting. “Included in this new model are the requirements for social interaction, peer learning, and, whenever possible, the use of simulations to provide experiential learning. SAP Learning Hub is at the forefront of providing these capabilities to SAP customers and partners.” SAP has now also standardized the indirect sales model for SAP Learning Hub and will add the SAP Live Access environment to the reseller portfolio. SAP Live Access has significantly increased the portfolio of available courses in 2016 and introduced a new tiered pricing structure. It provides access to more than 250 SAP training system environments and allows users to practice skills and build experience with SAP solutions in a live, fully supported private SAP software system environment. Within the newly developed pricing structure, this hands-on experience is now more attractive for larger organizations. Embedded in this learning approach are reward management and gamification aspects to motivate, engage and retain user attention. This tactic challenges learners to be active community members and improves social learning. Users are awarded points, levels, badges and invited to engage in missions, making the overall learning experience more meaningful. For more information on SAP Learning Hub, please visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
Two New Members to Join the Executive Board of SAP SE
February 18, 2016 by SAP News
