SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO — Human resource organizations have an important role to play in business transformation as global companies increasingly look for innovative ways to manage and simplify their people processes. That is why companies across Europe continue to select SuccessFactors, an SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) company, for cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions to help improve efficiency, stay competitive and gain strategic advantages. Acciaierie Bertoli Safau SpA (ABS), the Italian steelmaking division of the Danieli &amp; C. Officine Meccaniche SpA group, a world leader in the industrial sector, selected the SuccessFactors HCM Suite including the SuccessFactors Employee Central solution to simplify its HR management platform and support constant technological innovation of processes. This will enable ABS to improve the creation of high-quality offers, boost people performance and meet demanding business priorities. Premier Foods, one of the United Kingdom’s largest food producers, selected the SuccessFactors HCM Suite including the SuccessFactors Employee Central and SuccessFactors Learning solutions to simplify and bring consistency to its HR processes and increase the engagement of its people, thereby realizing the full potential of everyone working for the business. By using SuccessFactors solutions, Premier Foods believes the effectiveness of the organization will improve, with increased flexibility and efficiency, and significantly improved decision-making capability. REWE Group, with some 330,000 employees, is one of the leading trading, travel and tourism companies in Germany and Europe. REWE Group selected SuccessFactors for an integrated HCM solution to improve its HR processes, centralize recruiting and build a shared services center. With the SuccessFactors HCM Suite, REWE will also standardize and simplify HR processes, automate recruitment, increase the quality of its employee learning and obtain a comprehensive view of talent management. This will help REWE Group cope with the demographic changes and tight labor market in Germany. Tryg, an industry insurance leader in Denmark, Norway and Sweden, selected the SuccessFactors HCM Suite to drive its business agenda, support future growth and improve its customers’ experience (measured by the Net Promoter Score). Choosing SuccessFactors solutions will enable Tryg to simplify processes, optimize labor efficiency, increase customer retention and deliver world-class customer services. “Change is happening faster than ever today,” said Mike Ettling, president of the HR Line of Business, SuccessFactors. “To be successful, businesses need to rethink strategies for finding and retaining people. Successful companies understand the connection between their people and the outcomes they need to drive their business forward. We help them understand the problems they need to solve today and where they want to go next. From core HR to leading talent management applications, we continue to be recognized as an industry leader, as most recently acknowledged by the IDC MarketScape assessments for recruiting, learning management, performance management and compensation management.* Our cloud technology helps companies run simpler in today’s globalized, mobile, hyper-connected world.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. *IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Recruiting in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Assessment, #253855, January 2015; IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Learning Management in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Assessment, #253853, January 2015; IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Performance Management in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Assessment, #253854, January 2015; IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Compensation Management in Integrated Talent Management 2015 Vendor Assessment, #253852, January 2015 For more information, press only: Geraldine Lim, +1 (951) 318-3494, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PDT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Adam Novak, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502-4300, sap@pancomm.com, EDT About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
Net One Systems to Utilize SAP S/4HANA, the Next-Generation Business Suite
April 23, 2015 by SAP News
