Technical University of Munich Partners with the SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation
April 27, 2016 by SAP News
HANNOVER — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and the SAP University Alliances program today announced that the Technical University of Munich (TUM School of Management) is partnering with the SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation to help business leaders and IT professionals acquire the skills to build a vision for their digital enterprise and execute their digital transformation. The announcement was made at Hannover Messe being held April 25–29, 2016, in Hannover, Germany. “We are pleased to partner with the SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation, enabling business leaders and IT professionals with our digital transformation thought leadership and executive education learning assets, as well as connections among academics and industry practitioners in our global network,” said Prof. Dr. Helmut Krcmar, chair for Information Systems in the Department of Informatics at TUM and academic director for the Executive MBA in Business &amp; IT. TUM will share learning assets in the Digital Transformation Academy [PDF], a key part of the SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation, expanding opportunities to gain insights and skills for a bridge between technologies and the realization of business impact. Leadership in Digital Transformation, a massive open online course (MOOC) presented by Prof. Dr. Krcmar on openSAP Thought Leaders, shows how business leaders and IT professionals can learn that digital transformation is about changing the way a company creates value, interacts with customers and business partners, and competes in established and emerging markets. “TUM is a leader at the forefront of the digital transformation, and we are delighted to collaborate,” said Dr. Bernd Welz, executive vice president and head of Scale, Enablement &amp; Transformation, SAP SE. “With insights from TUM and other key partners, business leaders and IT professionals can accelerate their journey to become a digital enterprise.” TUM will also partner with SAP University Alliances on digital transformation info days, incubator trips to Silicon Valley and innovation days at SAP locations together with TUM thought leaders. Additionally, TUM will be a part of a digital transformation alumni network, enabling executives and professionals to collaborate on insights and best practices in the digital transformation. TUM regularly ranks among the best European universities in international rankings. TUM School of Management Executive Education offerings span executive MBAs, certificate programs, executive trainings, customized programs and e-learning. SAP University Alliances opens up the world of SAP to more than 2,650 educational institutions in 90 countries worldwide, aims to develop the critical skills for the digital enterprise among academics, university students and young thinkers, and builds the bridge to executives and professionals. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @sap_ua. Media Contact: Rajiv Sekhri, SAP, +49 6227 77-4871, rajiv.sekhri@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
