WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the general availability of a new release to help banks digitize their core business and unify transactional and analytical processes on a single platform. Banking services 9.0 will enable banks to complete the shift to a real-time, fully digital business model and merge previously siloed functions. As banks are facing digital disruption by new entrants, it is increasingly important to have accurate, live data that supports smart and accurate decision making. The 9.0 release of banking services uses the SAP HANA platform to help banks join data streams, conduct real-time analysis and create new products better tailored to customer needs. Faster innovation cycles allow banks to develop new products in days rather than months, resulting in increased customer satisfaction and more innovative services. “With mounting demands to run their organizations more efficiently, achieve new product innovations faster and provide more personalized service to customers, banks are in need of a new technology backbone that can support all of these tasks simultaneously,” said Falk Rieker, global head of the banking business unit, SAP. “Banking services 9.0 create a digital core, unifying the entire banking lifecycle and setting banks up to be more agile in their business transformation. Banks can go beyond traditional transaction processing and drive end-to-end digitized processes based on a single source of information from planning and execution to prediction and analysis, all in real-time, providing a superior customer experience.” Built on SAP HANA, banking services 9.0 can scale to meet the highest demands of large-volume environments while eliminating data redundancy and enabling live analytics for any business user. The new release enables banks to take action based on insights from preexisting and new data, regardless of where it is stored. “A comprehensive view of digital – encompassing customer experience, analytics, automation, and real time – is critical for banks who are serious about increasing their revenues, decreasing their cost base and reducing their risk profile,” said Daniel Latimore, senior vice president of banking, Celent. “Few are capable of undertaking this task on their own today. Working with the right partner is more important than ever.” The 9.0 release of banking services from SAP sets the digital, real-time foundation for banks to:  Gain a complete cross-entity view of customer information Achieve highly automated, flexible, efficient servicing processes across multiple product types Establish a single, simplified catalog of products, enabling faster time to market and easily configurable packages Create innovative, bundled product offerings with flexible, relationship-based pricing models Conduct comprehensive analytics to support customer-centric and context-based offers Unify risk and finance solutions, including accounting for financial instruments (AFI), profitability analysis, credit risk management and liquidity risk management on a single platform Comply with regulatory standards, including the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) 239 and International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9 Simplify planning and reporting processes with an intuitive user interface Reduce total cost of ownership with improved lifecycle management Reduce total cost of implementation with smart AFI running on SAP HANA to simplify accounting processes, reduce data volume and speed business processes  Banking services 9.0 can be operated in a cloud environment like SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud to provide banks a seamless transition to the cloud. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Birgit Dolny, +49 (6227) 7-61664, birgit.dolny@sap.com, CET Britney Schaeffer, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Earns Perfect Score in Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2016 Corporate Equality Index
November 23, 2015 by SAP News
