WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Experience SAP Cloud for Customer debuts this week as a course delivered through the openSAP platform, an educational offering that extends content reach beyond the classroom to offer it to a wider range of participants. The course aims to educate users on best practices for transitioning customer engagement software to the cloud simply and inexpensively. It provides an overview of the SAP Cloud for Customer solution and includes a consumer engagement and commerce strategy. “Customer engagement is an essential element of any business. In today’s digital world, businesses need to run at the same speed as their connected customers. They need to journey to the cloud,” said Michaela Laemmler, global head of openSAP, SAP. “The ‘Experience SAP Cloud for Customer’ course offers an overview of how to safely and quickly transition to the cloud through hands-on experience and real-world scenarios.” Due to high demand, SAP is taking the course on SAP Cloud for Customer out of the classroom to offer it where an unlimited number of people can attend the free three-week course from wherever they are located. As the course overview shows, SAP Cloud for Customer offers a wide range of functions, including account and management intelligence, a knowledge base and customer support portal, opportunity management, real-time actionable analytics and more. Participants will gain hands-on experience through practical exercises offered throughout the course that explore the new age of customer engagement and commerce solutions. openSAP, the open online learning platform from SAP that hosts massive open online courses (MOOCs), serves as the vehicle for courses such as “Experience SAP Cloud for Customer.” Provided in this format, the course allows users worldwide to share their insights, the lessons they learned about transferring customer relationship management software to the cloud, and how they keep pace with their digital customers. Courses delivered through openSAP are targeted for specific audiences, cater to diverse educational preferences and offer expert knowledge on key topics for success in the SAP ecosystem. To register for the “Experience SAP Cloud for Customer” course, or to access more information on all courses available from SAP, please visit openSAP. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, EST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Announces the Simplified Front Office
September 15, 2015 by SAP News
