May 19, 2016 by SAP News
ORLANDO, Fla. — Through participation in SAPStore.com, partners are able to grow their market presence, extend customer reach and drive bookings. Read the following comments from SAP partners about their involvement in and offerings on SAPStore.com: Approyo “SAPStore.com has opened the door to new business and enabled us to increase our market presence. Anyone can simply find our Ignite solution and easily purchase it.” – Christopher Carter, CEO of Approyo  CMaps Analytics “Working with the SAP Digital team has been an amazing experience. Adding our Location Intelligence solution to SAPStore.com has helped us amplify our message as a long-time SAP partner, and provides a level of credibility and quality that could be a game-changer for the partner ecosystem.” – Ryan Goodman, CEO, CMaps Analytics (formerly Centigon Solutions) ePhiphony Incorporated “RightOn MRP Optimization by ePhiphony standardizes, simplifies and optimizes the material resource planning process. We’re pleased to offer it now live on SAPStore.com — where businesses of all sizes can easily purchase it online. By doing so, we’re providing full go-to-market support with global reach, accelerated onboarding, first-level customer support and standard contracts closed 24×7 with standard terms and conditions.” – John Krech, Founder and President, ePhiphony Incorporated In Mind Computing “With Cloud CPQ Express available for immediate purchase on SAPStore.com, we are proud to be one of the first truly digital configure, price and quote solutions in the SAP ecosystem. Our customers value the most that our solution is ready to use with just a couple of clicks and integrated with SAP Hybris Cloud for Customer and SAP ERP.” – Christian Cuske, CEO, In Mind Cloud Minola Technology Ltd. “Participating on SAPStore.com has allowed us to expose our Active Alerts solution to a far wider audience. Making the consuming of apps easy for the customer means significant new revenue-generation opportunities for us. This exciting new channel was also quickly available to us with the responsive support from the SAP Digital team.” – Robert Campbell, CEO, Minola Technology Ltd. neXenio “With the support of the SAP Digital organization, we were able to include our neXboard collaborative whiteboard on SAPStore.com. The solution combines a whiteboard with a connected video session, allowing teams and individuals to collaborate and track work across distances. Offering neXboard on SAPStore.com was very easy for us. Customers can just purchase and immediately use our cloud offering within a few minutes. That’s great!” – Patrick Hennig, CEO, neXenio SearchYourCloud “By offering our solution on SAPStore.com, we are able to grow demand and focus our capabilities on what our enterprise, integrator and reseller customers need for secure access to their business-critical applications and data in the cloud. Working with the SAP Digital organization has been a great experience, and we are already seeing the value of the partnership come to light with increased interaction with our targeted customers through the store platform.” – Simon Bain, CEO of SearchYourCloud Warwick Analytics “Automating predictive analytics can unlock a lot of opportunities for businesses. The algorithms we deploy were developed over a decade of academic research to help automate and speed up predictive analytics, even from heterogeneous data. We are delighted to work with the SAP Digital team to harness the power of SAP HANA to deploy our technology. Our LITE product available on SAPStore.com is a basic, entry-level version that allows individuals to use it on initial use cases and datasets. From there, they can upgrade to the full version of our software to help solve enterprise-data science challenges.” – Dan Somers, CEO, Warwick Analytics For more information, visit SAP online at digital.sap.com, www.SAPStore.com or the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @sapstore. For more information, press only: Amanda Mountain, +1 (315) 878-2290, amanda.mountain@sap.com, ET Cindy McKendry, +1 (503) 231-7274, cindy.mckendry@sap.com, PT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Accelerates Customer Cloud Adoption With SAP HANA Cloud Platform Update
