SAP Recommends a Dividend of €1.15 per Share – Year-Over-Year Increase of 5%
March 29, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF – The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) recommend that shareholders approve a dividend of €1.15 per share for the fiscal year 2015 at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. This represents a year-over-year increase of €0.05, or 5% compared to last year’s dividend of €1.10. If the shareholders approve this recommendation, the total amount of dividends to be distributed will be approximately €1.4 billion (2014: €1.3 billion), representing a pay-out ratio of 45% (2014: 40%). SAP aims to continue its policy to pay a dividend totaling more than 35% of profit after tax in the future. “Our successful corporate strategy was validated once again by strong performance in 2015 and we want our shareholders to participate in this success. Therefore, we have recommended increasing the dividend by 5%,” said Luka Mucic, CFO at SAP. “We have transformed our company to align with our objectives and customers are responding positively to our innovations across our on-premise, cloud, and business network offerings as we help them transform and compete in the digital economy.” The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is scheduled for May 12, 2016 in Mannheim, Germany. The 2015 fiscal year dividend is scheduled to be paid on or after May 13, 2016. Note to holders of SAP ADRs (American Depositary Receipts): One SAP ADR represents one SAP SE share. The final dividend amount per ADR is dependent upon the euro/US dollar exchange rate. Since SAP SE pays cash dividends on the ordinary shares in euro, the exchange rate fluctuations will affect the US dollar amounts received by holders of ADRs. The final dividend payment by SAP SE to the depositary bank is scheduled for May 13, 2016. The depositary bank will then convert the dividend payment from euro into US dollars as promptly as practicable. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Follow SAP Investor Relations on Twitter at @sapinvestor. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, financial community only: Stefan Gruber, +49 (6227) 7-44872, investor@sap.com, CET For more information, press only: Nicola Leske, +49 (6227) 7-50852, nicola.leske@sap.com, CET Daniel Reinhardt, +49 (6227) 7-40201, daniel.reinhardt@sap.com, CET Andy Kendzie, +1 (202) 312-3919, andy.kendzie@sap.com, ET Note to Editors To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high-resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. ©2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
