New Course Offering on the openSAP Platform Explores End-to-End Digital Business Solutions
October 19, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced several additional course offerings delivered through the openSAP platform, an educational offering that extends content reach beyond the classroom to a wide range of participants. These online courses aim to accompany users on their journey towards digitization. Besides implementation and optimization, the courses take a deep dive down to the digital core of a selection of SAP solutions: SAP S/4HANA; Ariba Network, software from Ariba, an SAP company; as well as software from Fieldglass Inc. and Concur Technologies Inc., both now part of SAP. “The services offered by SAP can help your business run simple today,” said Steve Singh, member of the Global Managing Board of SAP SE, and CEO of Concur Technologies. “Cloud and mobile applications have changed the way business applications are created and the value they deliver. As the world becomes more connected and digital, the value SAP can provide customers will come more and more from applications connected to ecosystems and networks. I am sure that through the openSAP platform, users will have the opportunity to learn how to leverage Ariba solutions and software from Concur Technologies and Fieldglass for the greatest value.” In the coming months online courses to be offered include:  SAP Business Networks in a Nutshell: To keep up with the demands and expectations of consumers and business buyers, companies must connect, interact and integrate on unprecedented levels. Business network groups address precisely this challenge by using cloud-based solutions that deliver connectivity, efficiency, affordability and a great user experience on any device any time. In this course, attendees learn about the three companies that comprise a specific business network group: Ariba, Concur Technologies, and Fieldglass. The course begins Oct. 20. Introduction to Ariba: For those interested in learning more about Ariba Network, this course takes a look at the planning, buying and payment processes and introduces key solutions for Ariba Network. Course begin is Nov. 3. SAP S/4HANA – Use Cases: Following the online courses “SAP S/4HANA in a Nutshell” and “SAP S/4HANA – Deep Dive,” this course takes a closer look at the business value driven by SAP S/4HANA. The use cases presented emphasize and help visualize the value a shift to SAP S/4HANA delivers. Course begin is Nov. 4. Developing Mobile Apps with SAP HANA Cloud Platform: This course targets developers interested in creating mobile apps with features such as push notification, lifecycle management, application security and offline use. The course shows how to build, extend, integrate and deploy SAP Fiori apps fast. It begins Oct. 27. SAP NetWeaver Upgrades in a Nutshell: This course is aimed at anyone interested in learning about upgrading the SAP NetWeaver technology platform. After completing this course, you will understand the technical background to upgrades specific to SAP NetWeaver and be familiar with the tools and general steps needed to perform an upgrade from start to finish. It begins Nov. 2. Extending SAP Products with SAP HANA Cloud Platform: This course provides live samples and tutorials for those curious to explore opportunities for doing business and delivering services based on cloud solutions from SAP. Focal points include SAP SuccessFactors solutions, the SAP Cloud for Customer solution and the SAP Jam social software platform. The course begins Nov. 3.  openSAP serves as a platform to host massive open online courses (MOOCs). MOOCs allow users worldwide to learn at their own convenience, share insights and lessons learned with peers and keep pace with their digital customers. Courses delivered through openSAP are targeted for specific audiences, cater to diverse educational preferences and offer expert knowledge on key topics to help participants achieve success through and with the SAP ecosystem. To learn more about the courses, please visit openSAP. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
