BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has joined the Industrial Internet Consortium, which aims at accelerating and promoting the business use of the Internet of Things (IoT). SAP has been a strong supporter of the Industry 4.0 in Europe and supports the importance of industry-wide, international standards for easier interoperability for customers. SAP helps customers implement practical business solutions with a wide variety of cloud-based IoT solutions that include the SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service solution, SAP Connected Logistics software and SAP Manufacturing Execution application. In addition, SAP received a 2014 M2M Evolution IoT Excellence Award for its IoT connected trade asset intelligence software. The announcement was made at Mobile World Congress (MWC), being held March 2-5 in Barcelona. SAP solutions for IoT are powered by SAP HANA Cloud Platform, a core application development and enablement platform that enables enterprises to generate real-time insights from sensor data and advanced features, such as in-memory computing and geo-spatial functionality. The platform also supports telematics, predictive analytics and complex event processing. In addition, SAP HANA Cloud Platform offers open APIs that allow third-party providers to develop IoT applications. “With the SAP HANA Cloud Platform and next-generation IoT solutions we already bring to our customers, SAP intends to combine the untapped potential of digitization and connectivity that is the cornerstone of the IoT. IIC membership shall ensure that SAP customers can drive value for their business without disruption in harmony with other IoT systems and solutions,” stated Michael Lynch, Global Co-Lead, IOT, SAP. SAP is working closely with the more than 140 other Industrial Internet Consortium members to deliver use cases, test beds, reference architecture and frameworks and security. The Internet of Things is expected to allow companies to connect their core business systems to the devices at the edge of the network, transform their business processes to gain operational efficiencies and reimagine their business models from the ground up. A key component will be the influence that Industrial Internet Consortium will bring to various IoT standards activities and solutions for driving interoperability of the growing involvement of virtually every major open standards organization. Industrial Internet Consortium is also working closely with the German Industry 4.0 initiative to bring global input and help ensure that Industry 4.0 leverages the work of Industrial Internet Consortium in its solutions for computerization of the manufacturing industry. “SAP believes strongly in the Industry 4.0 initiative and is making the same commitment to the IIC. We see that by joining the IIC and continuing our efforts with Industry 4.0, we will try to ensure that our customers will be the true beneficiaries from both IoT initiatives,” said Nils Herzberg, global co-lead, IoT, SAP. “We are very excited to have SAP become a member of the IIC,” said William Hoffman, President, Industrial Internet Consortium. “SAP is already playing a role in the German-led initiative, Industry 4.0. Now, as an IIC member, they will be able to play a similar role on a global scale.” SAP also received a 2014 M2M Evolution IoT Excellence Award presented by TMC and Crossfire Media for IoT connected trade asset intelligence software. The 2014 M2M Evolution IoT Excellence Award honors innovative products that support deducing, inferring and gathering information directly from sensors, systems and anything else that supports better business and personal decisions. The winners of the 2014 M2M Evolution IoT Excellence Award will be highlighted in the first quarter edition of M2M Evolution Magazine and on www.m2mevolution.com. For more information, please visit www.tmcnet.com. For more information, please visit SAP’s booth in Fira Gran Via Exhibition Center located in Hall 6, Stand 6A30 at MWC 2015. For more information, including additional news from SAP at Mobile World Congress, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, EST SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard for SAP, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, EST About the Industrial Internet Consortium The Industrial Internet Consortium is an open membership organization formed to accelerate the development, adoption and wide-spread use of interconnected machines and devices, intelligent analytics and people at work. Founded by AT&amp;T, Cisco, General Electric, IBM and Intel in March 2014, the Industrial Internet Consortium catalyzes and coordinates the priorities and enabling technologies of the Industrial Internet. For more information, please visit www.iiconsortium.org. About Crossfire Media Crossfire Media is an integrated marketing company with a core focus on future trends in technology. We service communities of interest with conferences, tradeshows, Webinars and newsletters. Crossfire Media has a partnership with Technology Marketing Corporation (TMC) to produce events and Web sites related to disruptive technologies. Crossfire Media is a division of Crossfire Consulting, a full service Information technology company based in New York. About TMC TMC is a global, integrated media company that helps clients build communities in print, in person and online. TMC publishes multiple magazines including CUSTOMER, INTERNET TELEPHONY, M2M Evolution and Cloud Computing. TMCnet is read by more than 1.5 million unique visitors each month, and is the leading source of news and articles for the communications and technology industries. TMC is also the producer of ITEXPO, the world’s leading B2B communications event, as well as industry events: M2M Evolution; Cloud4SMB Expo; DevCon5; HTML5 Summit; Super Wi-Fi Summit, CVx; AstriCon; StartupCamp; and more. Visit TMC Events for a complete listing and further information. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Brings Predictive Analytics Across the Organization
March 10, 2015 by SAP News
