June 17, 2015 by SAP News
NICE — To streamline administrative operations and better serve European Schools, a community of students and faculty across Europe, SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the organization deployed the SAP ERP powered by SAP HANA application and the SAP Simple Finance solution. The first organization to launch the SAP Simple Finance cloud solution, European Schools are streamlining processes for greater accountability while ensuring all European Schools are aligned with one another and have standardized and secure financial processes. The announcement was made at the Financials 2015 conference being held in Nice, France, June 16–18, 2015. European Schools are controlled jointly by the 28 European Union member states and institutions. Since 1953, the European Schools community has provided a broad spectrum of high-quality education from nursery school through university, keeping pupils and students connected to their native language in a multilingual, multicultural environment. Today there are 14 European Schools in seven countries with roughly 25,000 students. The educational community needed to replace an old, homegrown IT solution with modern software that could improve consolidation, reports and transparency as well as streamline complex accounting, controlling and procurement business processes. The new software also had to ensure European Schools would be compliant with new and existing financial regulations. The idea of moving to the cloud further appealed to management as a way to reduce logistics and administrative efforts. SAP Simple Finance was selected because it met all the needs at once. Additionally, SAP Simple Finance was found to align well with the systems of key stakeholders, like the European Commission, had the features to support a multilingual organization, and provided a stable, scalable platform for future growth. A flexible and fast deployment was made possible with the SAP ERP Foundation rapid-deployment solution. Regular cloud-based software updates will be available moving forward. “The SAP Simple Finance solution empowers our users with more control and drives greater accountability,” said Kari Kivinen, Secretary-General, Office of the Secretary-General, European Schools. “We now have a modern solution that meets all our needs. And running in the cloud means that we didn’t need to invest in IT staff to maintain the system.” Ninety-seven of the world’s top 100 universities, as ranked by the Times Higher Education annual survey, now run SAP software. SAP solutions are helping institutions tackle the challenges of increasingly value-minded stakeholders, the correspondingly urgent pressure for administrators to contain costs and the growing challenge of arming students with the right skills to succeed in life. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Janice Tsoules, +1 (650) 223-4817, janice.tsoules@sap.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
Latest Release of SAP Global Trade Services Introduces New Foreign Trade Zone and Screening Capabilities
