WALLDORF — Consumer commerce is easy. With a few clicks you can find what you want, pay for and have it delivered to your doorstep. Alphamatic Systems Sdn Bhd, a leading IT provider based in Selangor, Malaysia, is making business commerce just as simple. And to do it, it’s using Ariba Network, software from Ariba, an SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) company. For years, processing purchase orders and invoices was mainly a manual process at Alphamatic. This meant tons of paper that was difficult to track, errors that required effort-intensive customer follow up and delays in payments. To remedy the situation, Alphamatic decided to digitize things. The company joined the Ariba Network and began leveraging the cloud-based applications delivered on it to collaborate on purchase orders (POs) and invoices. It has quickly seen results. “With the Ariba Network, it is very easy to track POs and invoices online,” said Chan Woei Liang, sales director, Enterprise Business Solutions, Alphamatic Systems. “We’ve reduced the time spent on follow-ups for payment significantly, and have even seen business growth.” Specifically, the company has achieved:  60 percent reduction in time spent on follow-ups for payment 50 percent faster payment for online invoices 40 percent increase in business from one of its largest customers  “Business is different today. It demands a new, more collaborative way of operating, and Ariba is fueling it by bringing the connectivity and convenience of personal networks to the enterprise,” said Dr. Chakib Bouhdary, president, Ariba. “With Ariba, companies can simplify complex and inefficient processes and enable new ones that enhance their performance and productivity.” With more than 1.7 million companies connected and transacting over $700 billion in commerce on an annual basis, Ariba Network is the world’s largest, most global business-to-business trading platform. Click here to learn more about the benefits it can deliver to your organization. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Karen Master, +1 (412) 291-8177, karen.master@sap.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP and GEA Collaborate to Help Companies Improve Operational Excellence with the Internet of Things
March 17, 2015 by SAP News
