WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the availability of SAP Web IDE for SAP HANA. Designed to support the development of applications, database models and user interfaces (UIs) on SAP HANA software, SAP Web IDE for SAP HANA provides developers all the tools they need on one platform. This announcement was made at EclipseCon being held March 7–10 in Reston, Va. The new edition complements the existing SAP Web IDE, which is powered by SAP HANA Cloud Platform and is used daily by developers at SAP, partners and customers for the development of SAP Fiori apps, SAP’s new user experience approach. SAP Web IDE for SAP HANA is based on Eclipse Che, a developer workspace and cloud integrated development environment (IDE), and is one of the first productive implementations of an IDE on Eclipse Che. This reinforces SAP’s strong commitment to open source in general and to the Eclipse Foundation in particular. “SAP is committed to the Eclipse Foundation and is continuing to invest in it by building products on top of Eclipse Che as well as by ongoing contributions to open source,” said Björn Goerke, executive vice president and corporate officer, SAP Product &amp; Innovation Technology, SAP SE. “With the new SAP Web IDE for SAP HANA, developers can design, build and deploy Web applications based on the UI development toolkit for HTML5 (SAPUI5) and Node.js. It also reaffirms our successful use of open source projects such as Eclipse Che in building a productive IDE for use in creating applications from the UI down to the database.” SAP will participate in the EclipseCon keynote, Eclipse: The Evolution and Future of IDEs. The keynote is driven by Codenvy, who is partnering with SAP around support of Eclipse Che and the delivery of enterprise-grade development infrastructure. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
StepStone Steps into the Cloud with SAP Business ByDesign
March 15, 2016 by SAP News
