SAP Announces Recipients of 2016 SAP Pinnacle Awards
April 21, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced recipients of the 2016 SAP Pinnacle Awards, recognizing partner contributions to customer success and innovation. The awards are presented annually to the top SAP partners that have excelled in elevating their partnership with SAP, helping businesses around the world Run Simple. Click for full size. Winners and finalists in 19 categories were chosen based on recommendations from the SAP field, customer feedback and performance indicators in the umbrella categories of Build, Service and Sell, with each category including a Customers’ Choice award, which recognizes a customer-nominated SAP partner. “Winning the SAP Pinnacle Award is a tremendous accomplishment,” said Rodolpho Cardenuto, president of SAP Global Channels &amp; General Business. “Only 16 companies in our ecosystem of 13,000 partners received this recognition. These select partners should be very proud of their success.” Kevin Ichhpurani, executive vice president of SAP Strategic Business Development &amp; Global Ecosystem, added, “The SAP Pinnacle Award winners represent the very best in our partner community, and we congratulate these top-performing partners for a well-deserved 2016 SAP Pinnacle Award.” Award recipients will be formally recognized at the SAP Global Partner Summit, being held on May 16, 2016, in conjunction with the SAPPHIRE NOW conference, being held May 17-19 in Orlando, Florida. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Jason Loesche, +1 (484) 437-0015, j.loesche@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
