June 8, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it is a new member of Wissensfabrik – Unternehmen für Deutschland e.V, a nationwide German initiative for education and entrepreneurship. The network of Wissensfabrik includes around 120 dedicated companies and foundations, 2,500 schools and 180 start-ups. The latest IT project, which is supported by SAP, other industry partners, and academic experts, is committed to explaining real-world IT cases within a playful context and to provide first-hand introductory experiences for young students. With successful rollout now accomplished in Germany, the model is to be applied globally. More knowledge, more skills, more future – that is what Wissensfabrik stands for. Together with academic partners, Wissensfabrik develops projects that can be implemented in day care centers and schools. By connecting start-ups and established companies, opportunities for intensive mutual exchanges are offered. Members assume social responsibility by drawing on their main strengths to support innovative, practical, relevant projects and provide the expertise and skills of the people in their network. “Our daily aspiration is to be a reliable partner to our customers and to thus help them with the optimization and innovation of their business processes. In doing so, our biggest assets are highly motivated and excellently trained employees who, additionally, think and act like entrepreneurs. This corporate culture is what we wish to contribute to the network of Wissensfabrik. In return, together with other dedicated companies, we get to serve projects that enable children and youths to actively shape the digital transformation in all parts of life,” explains Gerhard Oswald, Member of the Executive Board of SAP SE. Together with other industry and academic partners, SAP is involved in Wissensfabrik’s IT project. On the one hand, the project aims to introduce young students to the technical background on which the digital world is based. On the other, it wishes to stimulate creativity through IT projects at school, for example, through having students design their own game controllers and code small apps. As all of its projects, Wissensfabrik’s IT project has relevance for curriculums and can be integrated with a variety of subjects. This network of schools and industry, together with the IT project, serves as a model for age-based teaching of IT topics at schools. With the rollout of the model accomplished in Germany, it will be rolled out as a best practice in other countries within the SAP Young Thinkers program. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Dana Roesiger, +49 6227 7 63900, dana.roesiger@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Supports Compliance with Global Serialization Regulations, Helps Fight Drug Counterfeits
