April 14, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the launch of the on-premise edition of SAP Preferred Care for SAP Enterprise Support, a new option for customers transitioning to digital business models. The edition is built on the market-leading SAP Enterprise Support offerings to provide the next level of operational backing from SAP. It includes advanced service-level agreements, additional services, and a dedicated SAP contact person. “SAP is providing an exceptional support foundation for its customers and the SAP Preferred Care service is already a success on the market for our cloud customers, as it provides the next level of support,” said Michael Rieder, senior vice president, Global Head of Enterprise Support &amp; Premium Engagements, SAP SE. “Now we are expanding the harmonized support experience by making this offering and its benefits available for on-premise customers as well. The on-premise edition allows SAP customers to protect their digitization investments and affords them expanded value, greater flexibility and choice.” Companies today need to mitigate risks of business disruptions. They must also be able to take corrective actions as quickly as possible. Others may need hands-on support to accompany them on their way to digitalization. With the on-premise edition SAP provides enhanced support to give customers additional protection for their business and their investment in digitalization. “As enterprises move quickly to enable digital business transformation, growing complexity across the technology landscape has only increased the need for enhanced support,” said Elaina Stergiades, research manager, IDC. “Offerings like SAP Preferred Care can help provide the additional support resources required as organizations adopt new technologies to drive strategic competitive advantage.” The on-premise edition complements the existing cloud edition of SAP Preferred Care. It provides cloud and on-premise expertise to support customers with hybrid environments as well as an enhanced level of holistic support as part of the SAP ONE Support program. The on-premise edition has the following key features for customers with more advanced support requirements specific to demand flexibility, service options, enhanced scope and additional resources:  Collaboration: Customers receive a dedicated customer success manager who provides remote enhanced incident management and orchestrates incident handling. Empowerment: Supplementing the SAP Enterprise Support Academy program, customers also receive remote access to a product expert for a specific productive SAP software component for one year. Innovation and value realization: Building on top of the proven continuous quality checks, the on-premise edition can deliver additional remote services from SAP for optimized implementation and operations. Mission-critical support: Advanced service-level agreements provide customers with even faster issue handling.  More information on the SAP Preferred Care service and SAP Enterprise Support offerings is available here and on LinkedIn. Make arrangements to speak directly with a service and support expert at SAPPHIRE NOW here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
ASUG and LeadershipGarage Join SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation
