HANNOVER — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced general availability of SAP HANA Vora, an in-memory query engine that brings powerful contextual analytics across all data stored in Hadoop, enterprise systems and other distributed data sources. The announcement was made at CeBIT 2016, being held March 14–18 in Hannover, Germany. SAP has an established partner ecosystem, including Cloudera, Databricks, Hortonworks and MapR Technologies, that plans to support SAP HANA Vora. Read what early adopter partners have to say. Cloudera “With more customers running Spark in production than any other Hadoop vendor, Cloudera is well positioned to support SAP HANA Vora users who are looking to extract analytical insights that can only be derived by looking across operational data and big data. We believe [SAP] HANA Vora will enable SAP customers to execute Big Data workloads more easily and at a far faster rate than ever before.” — Tim Stevens, Vice President of Business and Corporate Development, Cloudera Databricks “SAP has deep expertise in in-memory enterprise computing for applications and analytics, and the introduction of SAP HANA Vora is the next evolution in this journey. We’re excited to see SAP extending their commitment to Apache Spark, and helping drive its adoption with their enterprise customers.” — Arsalan Tavakoli-Shiraji, Vice President of Customer Engagement and Business Development, Databricks Hortonworks “CenterPoint Energy is using Hortonworks Data Platform and SAP HANA Vora together to get the power of instant data access with the infinite scale of Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark. This partnership gives users a broad range of options for storing and analyzing new types of data and the ability to create applications that can uncover new business opportunities from large volumes of data that previously would not have been possible.” — Matthew Morgan, Vice President, Product and Alliance Marketing, Hortonworks MapR Technologies “As Big Data matures and becomes mission-critical there is a growing need for traditional methods of analysis such as OLAP to become widely available on Hadoop. SAP HANA Vora brings the power of a Spark-powered OLAP analysis solution to analysts and data scientists alike for bridging the worlds of structured and unstructured data. More information on what OLAP brings to Hadoop can be found by visiting my blog.” — Steve Wooledge, Vice President of Product Marketing, MapR Technologies For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Read the press release: SAP HANA Vora Now Available to Bring Contextual Analytics Across All Enterprise and Big Data Systems. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.
D!conomy Thrives as SAP Digitally Transforms to Benefit Customers of All Sizes
March 15, 2016 by SAP News
