WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and SuccessFactors, an SAP company, today announced a new release of SAP Jam Collaboration, a social software platform that improves informal learning. Available today, SAP Jam Collaboration supports the SAP SuccessFactors Learning solution in a way to help companies save money and time, while allowing employees to learn in a more engaged and collaborative manner. Corporate learning is usually offered as single training events and can cost more than US$1,700 per hour to develop.* It diminishes engagement over time and weakens the ability to learn from peers. Companies are looking to streamline training costs, while at the same time helping employees develop continuously. Collaborative learning technologies help companies adapt and maintain their competitive edge. “At Bertelsmann, we are in the midst of a long-term transformation to digitize our existing businesses and develop new digital offerings. Supporting this transformation, we have simultaneously started an implementation of an SAP SuccessFactors solution, which includes implementing SAP SuccessFactors Learning in our decentralized organization for 100,000 employees,” said Mathias Damaschke, senior director, Corporate HR Strategy &amp; Systems, Bertelsmann. “We are also using the SAP Jam social software platform to foster social learning and internal collaboration around specific learning events, helping to support our individual ‘digital’ development, which is highly important for us as a global media, services and education company.” In conjunction with SAP Jam, SAP SuccessFactors Learning provides social and collaborative features for companies to foster a learning culture by helping employees and instructors collaborate on a continuous basis for training and development. This helps organizations:  Extend training and compliance for learning effectiveness: Engage learners before, during and after training events with course and topic-based learning. Leverage expertise with peer-to-peer learning networks, provide forums for questions and insights and promote discovery of courses from SAP SuccessFactors Learning to drive registrations. Improve talent and leadership development: Scale mentoring and development programs with plan creation, task assignments, progress tracking and connection with experts. Support the extended enterprise: Extend collaborative engagement to customers and partners to support blended learning and development.  SAP Jam is the only offering on the market today that enables end-to-end program planning and rollout for learning software and course content development. The software supports learning and mentoring processes, and facilitates collaboration on curriculum plans, allowing users to share schedules, assign deliverables, review and edit content as a group, and distribute training materials. “Some of the best ideas and leading-edge know-how lies untapped in the minds of our colleagues, partners and customers,” said Sameer Patel, senior vice president and general manager, Collaboration and Communities, SAP SE. “To unlock this hidden potential, we set out to transform how organizations can reimagine the interactions between our market-leading learning management system and new peer-based learning concepts. I’m privileged to say that leading global brands are already adopting these new transformative learning concepts only available from SAP SuccessFactors solutions.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Janice Tsoules, +1 650 223-4817, janice.tsoules@sap.com, ET * 2013 State of the Industry. Rep. N.p.: ASTD Research, 2013. Online  Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP and Lenovo Plan to Bring Advanced Solutions to the New Digital Economy
January 26, 2016 by SAP News
