SWISS PROPERTY Builds Its Future on the SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management Solution
March 22, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that SWISS PROPERTY has gone live on the SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management solution in just two months. A small company with big growth objectives, SWISS PROPERTY chose SAP to provide a platform for the future that can help make its vision of lean digital building a reality. “SWISS PROPERTY strives to always be several steps ahead of our competition, and this is one of the reasons that we chose SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management,” said Jaan Saar, head of process and IT, SWISS PROPERTY. “As a small company with ambitious growth goals, we aim to reinvent the value creation chain of residential real estate, and the key to this is integration. A future-proof platform that we can build on is essential in helping us support our building lifecycle and provide the most modern property solutions for our customers.” SWISS PROPERTY worked with INTELSYS, an SAP partner, to implement SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management by using business process content supported by SAP best practices. Focused on the engineering and construction industry, INTELSYS helps provide an end-to-end solution for design, planning and construction execution. Founded in March 2013, SWISS PROPERTY is a Swiss real estate development company based in Switzerland and Estonia that builds residential real estate in an industrial way. It manages the entire building life cycle — from finding and procuring land, through architectural design, production, and assembly, sale or rental, to the ongoing management and optimization of the properties. SAP proved it could deliver an integrated solution to support SWISS PROPERTY’s end-to-end processes, creating the foundation for further innovation and competitive differentiation in the construction industry. Additionally, the SAP Fiori user experience (UX) applies modern design principles to provide intuitive consumption with a personalized, responsive and simple experience for SWISS PROPERTY’s users. The SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management solution allows enterprises to drive end-to-end digitized operations across their key business functions. SAP S/4HANA combines the digitized core capabilities included in SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management with on-premise and cloud solutions in the SAP portfolio for each line of business — such as the SAP Cash Management application in finance, SAP SuccessFactors solutions in human resources, the Ariba Network in procurement, and SAP Hybris solutions in marketing and commerce. Watch a video and read more about why SWISS PROPERTY chose SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management.  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Susan Miller, SAP, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Cathrin von Osten, SAP, +49 6227 7-63908, cathrin.von.osten@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
