SAP Fashion Management Vertically Integrates Manufacturing, Wholesale and Retail Operations for Fashion Companies
October 22, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the availability of the latest release of the SAP Fashion Management application, a multichannel, vertically integrated fashion solution that harmonizes wholesale, retail and manufacturing processes within one back-end software system. Built in collaboration with four customers, SAP Fashion Management currently supports over 25 customers worldwide, as announced in SAP Brings Best Practices Back Into Fashion. The latest version of SAP Fashion Management brings most processes core to apparel and footwear companies to the SAP for Retail solution portfolio based on standard SAP ERP software powered by the SAP HANA platform. “By including manufacturing capabilities in SAP Fashion Management, we are able to provide a truly vertical solution via end-to-end scenario integration. In addition, with SAP HANA there is access to game-changing new processes such as multichannel material requirements planning or order allocation with the ability to simulate,” said Lori Mitchell-Keller, global general manager, Consumer Industries, SAP. Key features of the solution include:  Harmonization of manufacturing, wholesale and retail processes on one back-end software system to reduce TCO Shared planning, common sourcing, buying and manufacturing across all channels for operational efficiency and further cost reduction Multichannel-enabled material requirements planning and available-to-promise functions, which also handle stock segmentation A production control workbench, which can be used to group planned orders and production orders of the different variants into a single master order containing multiple variants Inventory strategies, such as stock segmentation or stock pooling, to help reduce overstocks, markdowns and stock-outs The order allocation run to further optimize demand-supply match, which promotes superior customer service and higher profitability Much faster high bandwidth processes, thanks to SAP HANA  With SAP Fashion Management, SAP helps fashion companies that are vertically integrated and have multiple sales channels and multiple businesses to act as an integrated unit. The application covers processes specific to retail, wholesale, manufacturing and fashion on a single back-end software system with SAP ERP and SAP Fashion Management operating on the same instance. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Follow SAP Retail and SAP Consumer Products on Twitter at @SAP_Retail and @SAP_CP. Media Contact: Stacy Ries +1 (484) 619-0411, stacy.ries@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
