BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) launched the SAP Big Data Margin Assurance solution to help communication service providers (CSPs) thrive in the digital economy by making detailed information on margins and profits available to business users. The announcement was made at Mobile World Congress 2016 being held February 22–25 in Barcelona, Spain. Increased competition in saturated markets coupled with disruption from digital transformation is forcing CSPs to refocus from top-line to bottom-line growth. SAP Big Data Margin Assurance makes detailed information on margins and profits available to business users. Powered by SAP HANA, the solution provides a consolidated repository and analytics engine for fast and real-time telecommunications data. Using the solution CSPs will have increased insight into revenues, margins and costs across their operations, allowing them to transform from average revenue per user (ARPU) to average margin per user (AMPU) business models. A central component of the SAP Big Data Margin Assurance solution is a standardized data model based on TM Forum industry standards. TM Forum, the global industry association for digital business, provides a suite of best practices, digital toolkits and standards that are widely adopted by digital and communications service providers and global enterprises. Stakeholders from SAP, TM Forum and the telecom industry are actively collaborating to define a Big Data model for the telecom industry that will be based in part on Big Data solutions from SAP. “The ability to understand granular customer profitability, specifically which customers are profitable or unprofitable and why, is a game changer for our industry,” said Thomas Holtmanns, Vodafone director, Finance Operations Germany and Global Margin Assurance. “SAP brings excellent capabilities to the table. SAP HANA Cloud Platform provides unprecedented levels of speed, massive processing and flexibility to query our significant data repositories. Its powerful analytics identify ways to increase margin and prevent leakage. This includes end-to-end client performance, outlier detection to uncover misuse or unreasonable behavior, new offer performance and what-if scenarios on proposed services changes.” The new solution is part of SAP’s overall strategy to help telecom companies harness the power of the massive data volumes they capture. On February 16, 2016, SAP partner Digital Route announced the SAP Big Data Integrator solution by DigitalRoute. The software enhances the SAP for Telecommunications solution portfolio by enabling real-time integration of network and operations support systems (OSS) data. The solution helps CSPs to more effectively use their network data so they can increase revenues and reduce costs. The DigitalRoute high-performance data injection engine provides vital preprocessing of data before it is fed into the SAP HANA platform. SAP will demonstrate the SAP Big Data Margin Assurance solution at Mobile World Congress in Hall 3, Stand 3M41. The solution is a beta release available for selected customers in a cloud trial. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @sap_telco. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Names Rob Hetherington Global Head of Financial Services Industries Organization
February 22, 2016 by SAP News
