Omnicom Group Chooses SAP to Simplify and Manage Its Global Workforce
September 1, 2015 by SAP News
NEW YORK — Omnicom Group, one of the world’s largest marketing and communications companies, has turned to the leading cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions from SuccessFactors, an SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) company, to help manage its global HR processes. Omnicom plans to use the SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central solution, along with additional talent modules from the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite, including SAP SuccessFactors Compensation, SAP SuccessFactors Performance and Goals, and SAP SuccessFactors Succession Planning solutions. SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite offers Omnicom Group the ability to make all of its top talent and key leadership decisions through a single HCM solution that provides global visibility and local-market expertise for a large scale enterprise. Integrated with the additional talent modules, SuccessFactors solutions can help Omnicom Group manage its total workforce, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, compensation and performance management. “Omnicom Group has been recognized as the most creative company based on the awards its agencies have won, which is a testament to the unparalleled caliber of our people,” said Paolo Spada, vice president of Finance, Omnicom Group. “As a truly global organization, we manage talent in hundreds of agencies that all have distinct employment brands.  With SuccessFactors, Omnicom will simplify how we deliver and manage HR tools across our diverse organization, which lets us and our agencies focus on giving our talent the attention and growth opportunities they deserve.” “Today businesses like Omnicom Group need the most modern, mobile, easy and useful HR solutions possible to ensure they attract and keep the right people, and which provide them tools that make their jobs easier, ” said Mike Ettling, president, HR Line of Business, SuccessFactors. “With SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central and our talent management modules in the cloud, Omnicom can remove complexity and allow its teams to focus on business innovation, not process.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and SuccessFactors at @successfactors. About Omnicom Omnicom Group Inc. (www.omnicomgroup.com) is a leading global marketing and corporate communications company. Omnicom’s branded networks and numerous specialty firms provide advertising, strategic media planning and buying, digital and interactive marketing, direct and promotional marketing, public relations and other specialty communications services to over 5,000 clients in more than 100 countries. For the latest news follow us on Twitter https://twitter.com/Omnicom. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 293,500 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Bri Vellis, +1-650-425-0278, bri.vellis@sap.com, PT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Nate Hubbell, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0531, nate.hubbell@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
