December 18, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced its recognition as a Leader in “TheForrester Wave™: Data Quality Solutions, Q4 2015.” SAP achieved the highest score in the Current Offering category. According to the authors of the Forrester report, “The No. 1 risk of poor data quality is that it will negatively affect the customer experience, and enterprise architects see data quality as a top challenge. Without an accurate view of the customer, businesses are unable to tailor relevant offers, resolve customers support issues quickly and effectively, and optimize customers’ experiences through the customer life cycle.” SAP was among 13 data quality solution vendors that Forrester selected for its 30-criteria evaluation of where each company stood in relation to each other to help enterprise architecture (EA) professionals select the right partner for their data quality needs. SAP received the highest score possible in the product strategy and market presence categories. According to the report, “Leaders provide a robust and complete set of capabilities that embrace the core principle of data quality governances: It must be business-led but also provide a collaborative relationship between technical subject matter experts (SMEs) and business SMEs.” Additionally, the report states, ”Visibility and workflows give insight into data quality conditions; status of stewardship and development tasks; and the ability to link data conditions to business metrics such as risk, revenue leakage, and process improvement.” The report continues, “SAP orients data quality toward solving data quality challenges that have an impact on the business and was the first vendor to introduce financial quantification to data quality measurement.” Download “The Forrester Wave™: Data Quality Solutions, Q4 2015: The 13 Providers That Matter Most And How They Stack Up” now. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Tyrone Webb Jr., SAP, +1 (973) 380-9901, tyrone.webb.jr@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
Gartner Positions SAP a “Leader” in Magic Quadrant for Single-Instance ERP for Product-Centric Midmarket Companies for Fifth Consecutive Year
