WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced more than 1 million enrollments on the openSAP platform just three years after the launch of the educational offering that delivers online courses. SAP started the openSAP platform in 2013 to create a learning environment specifically designed for the digital age. Today, people no longer have time to spend in the classroom and want to learn at their own convenience and pace while sharing insights and lessons with peers. openSAP was conceived to tap into that need with a cloud-based learning service hosting free massive open online courses (MOOCs) in association with the Hasso Plattner Institute (HPI) based in Potsdam, Germany. SAP partnered with HPI, using the openHPI concept as a basis for openSAP. The high volume of enrollments on openSAP in less than three years indicates the growing popularity of the courses offered on the platform. These courses have proven highly engaging and effective, boasting a far higher completion rate (25 percent to 30 percent) than, for example, academic MOOCs (four percent to seven percent). “I am enthusiastic about what the openSAP platform has provided to over 300,000 unique learners from more than 180 countries,” said Professor Hasso Plattner, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of SAP SE. “We attribute the success of the platform to the fact that the courses are crafted specifically with the user in mind. Our courses are relevant to professionals’ careers and day to day tasks. Whether you are an SAP software user, employee, or just interested in digital technology, these courses are highly impactful.” Professor Christoph Meinel, Scientific Institute Director and CEO of the Hasso Plattner Institute, and his team help SAP to continuously evolve the platform. “Working with openSAP to build new features based on their learners’ needs, together with our openHPI learners’ needs, we have developed amazing online learning experiences to bring classroom training to a global audience,” said Professor Meinel. Having served more than 300,000 professionals through the openSAP platform, SAP is continuing its commitment to furthering the transformation of the digital workforce by announcing three additional MOOCs. The three new courses offered are:  Build Your Own SAP Fiori App in the Cloud – 2016 Edition –The 2016 course again helps students build their own SAP Fiori apps and shows participants how they can apply them to their own unique business needs. The course has been revamped from the 2015 version and includes new content focused on the latest user experience (UX) topics, such as SAP Fiori UX 2.0, SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA), the SAP Splash studio, the Build tool, and more. Sustainability Through Digital Transformation – Due to the popularity of the “Sustainability and Business Innovation” course offered in 2014 on the openSAP platform, SAP has released a monthly podcast series on various topics related to business and sustainability. Topics will include the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference held in Paris, and the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. The podcast series ends April 2016, at which time a new course will begin that dives deeper into some of the topics presented in the podcast. Implementation Made Simple for SAP SuccessFactors Solutions – This course helps participants understand the concept and value proposition of SAP Rapid Deployment solutions, in particular SAP SuccessFactors solutions. Presenters will teach students how to access and apply best practices for HR, payroll, talent, the SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central solution, and more. The course also provides an overview and guide on how to implement and use SAP SuccessFactors solutions.  openSAP is an online learning platform from SAP. All learning materials are accessible from any device and the platform features MOOCs that allow users to learn at their own pace. The courses, which use tried and trusted classroom concepts, are free of charge. Included in the course format are weekly assignments, discussion forums and even final exams. For more information on the program and available courses, visit openSAP and the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP University Alliances Expands Offerings to Executives and Professionals to Help Lead the Digital Transformation
February 17, 2016 by SAP News
