SAP Names Pat Bakey President of Industry Cloud
August 11, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) recently announced the appointment of Pat Bakey as president of the Industry Cloud organization. Bakey will be responsible for the industry cloud footprint at SAP, which covers 25 industries globally, the finance and extended supply chain lines of business and the go-to-market execution of SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA). Bakey will report directly to Robert Enslin, member of the Executive Board of SAP and president of Global Customer Operations. By offering prescriptive cloud road maps by industry and line of business, the Industry Cloud organization serves every customer across every cloud model (private, public and hybrid) and of any business size, anywhere in the world. “Industry expertise at SAP has always been a key competitive driver for the company,” said Enslin. “Enabling our customers to approach their digital transformation through an industry lens, mapped to the full end-to-end portfolio that only SAP can offer, allows them to Run Simple while providing them limitless opportunity for future growth. Pat brings a combination of global industry experience and business leadership in the technology space. I am delighted that he will be a driving force for bringing SAP industry solutions to market.” Bakey will lead a team dedicated to addressing today’s complex and vitally important industry-specific issues. Industries ranging from healthcare to retail to financial services have markedly different customer and employee needs; however, across all industries, customers using SAP software have come to expect fast, intuitive, rich interfaces. The Industry Cloud team will continue to focus on offering the right mix of cloud, hosted and on-premise technology that customers can use to improve their efficiency and the quality of life for the consumers, citizens, students and patients they serve. “We have a great opportunity to accelerate the innovation cycles across all industries via the simplicity and strength of our unique integrated operating model,” said Bakey. “The cooperation across all primary SAP business domains ensures an end-to-end approach to defining and delivering value by placing the customer at the center of everything we do. I am excited about the new areas of value this model and organization can capitalize on going forward.” Bakey has more than 25 years of experience in the IT industry and is a 12-year SAP veteran who has held a number of strategic and industry leadership positions across the SAP field organization. Bakey first joined SAP in North America as the president of the Customer Relationship Management line-of-business organization before assuming the role of president of SAP Public Services and later head of all strategic industries in the region. He most recently served as global general manager for Consumer Industries. Bakey’s depth of industry experience and knowledge of industry-specific business processes make him uniquely qualified to lead the SAP Industry Cloud organization. Bakey holds a degree in economics from the University of California, Berkeley, and received a master of business administration degree from Northwestern University’s J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management. He will be based in the Washington, D.C., office. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Birgit Dolny, +49 (6227) 7-61664, birgit.dolny@sap.com, CET Stacy Ries, +1 (484) 619-0411, stacy.ries@sap.com, ET Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
