WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that SAP was positioned as one of the top vendors in the market in the Wisdom of Crowds 2015 Advanced and Predictive Analytics Market Study. The market study provides detailed data and context around the growing segment of advanced and predictive analytics and was published by Dresner Advisory Services, an independent analyst firm specializing in business intelligence and related markets. In rating the vendors, Dresner considered core advanced and predictive features, data preparation, usability, scalability and integration. The results are based on feedback and responses from end users and do not reflect analyst opinion. For this report, Dresner received a total of 885 responses, a 30 percent increase compared to the previous year. “We believe the Dresner study recognizes SAP’s leadership in advanced and predictive analytics due to our broad and innovative product portfolio of analytics solutions,” said Clemens Praendl, senior vice president and general manager, Analytics, SAP SE. “With our predictive analytics solutions we are able to help our customers unlock the value of internal and external data and identify new market trends, channels and innovations.” SAP Predictive Analytics software provides an integrated approach to predictive analytics that helps organizations uncover trends and patterns from Big Data, the Internet of Things (IoT) and existing SAP and third-party data sources. The software gives companies better insights in real time to help understand customer behavior better and improve response time, and it delivers tangible business value, which ultimately helps drive profitability for organizations. For additional information on Dresner’s Wisdom of Crowds Advanced and Predictive Analytics Market Study, read the full report here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Repeats Free Online Course on Sustainability and Business Innovation
September 3, 2015 by SAP News
