August 13, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that it has been positioned by independent analyst firm Gartner, Inc., in the leaders’ quadrant of the “Magic Quadrant for Mobile Application Development Platforms (MADP)” 2015 report.* “We believe SAP is a leader in this market because we recognized the transformative power of mobile devices and apps years ago, and have worked alongside our customers to create technologies and solutions to help them securely and easily mobilize their enterprises,” said Rick Costanzo, EVP and general manager, telco industry and mobile solutions, SAP. “SAP’s mobile offerings give our customers the ability to quickly and securely create, deploy and manage mobile applications in either an on-premise or cloud-based environment.” The ITU recently reported that there are more than 7 billion mobile cellular subscriptions, representing a 97 percent mobile penetration rate globally. This ubiquity means that individuals, employees and customers all expect information and processes to be accessible using mobile devices and mobile apps. Mobile platforms provide the tools and technologies that enterprises need in order to deliver mobile apps out to their end users and are therefore key enablers of the digital economy. SAP customers are able to deploy SAP Mobile Platform on premise or access mobile services in the cloud through SAP HANA Cloud Platform. The mobile application development capabilities in SAP Mobile Platform 3.0 are in use across a broad set of industries and enable businesses to create mobile apps with consumer-grade usability and innovation. The platform includes application development tools, a software development kit and mobile commerce services. The most recent service pack (SP07) of SAP Mobile Platform, made available in April 2015, offers enhanced developer capabilities for database integration and improved push application programming interfaces (APIs). In addition, the latest updates add management capabilities for applications based on the SAP Fiori user experience. SAP Mobile Platform also includes APIs to the SAP Mobile Secure portfolio so enterprises can securely and easily deploy newly built applications. In conjunction with the mobile platform, SAP offers several hundred prebuilt mobile applications and supports a strong partner ecosystem to help customers execute on their mobile strategy. SAP HANA Cloud Platform is an open platform-as-a-service, providing unique in-memory database, business application and mobile services. Customers are able to quickly build, extend and integrate modern, mobile-enabled apps to meet business needs. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PT *Gartner, “Magic Quadrant for Mobile Application Development Platforms (MADP),” Richard Marshall, Van L. Baker, Ray Valdes, Jason Wong, Adrian Leow, 23 July 2015. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates Photo: Shutterstock
Partner Quotes: SAP Unveils New Cloud Platform Services and In-Memory Innovation on Hadoop to Accelerate Digital Transformation
