May 26, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has retained and extended its position as the overall leader in worldwide supply chain management and supply chain planning, according to the recent Gartner, Inc. “Market Snapshot: Supply Chain Management Software, Worldwide, 2014” report.* The report finds that SAP grew its supply chain business by 19.9 percent, representing a 25.8 percent market share increase. Specifically, SAP extended its No. 1 market position for supply chain planning, representing a 30.6 percent 2014 revenue share. SAP believes this highlights the continued strong adoption of the SAP Advanced Planning and Optimization component and the SAP Integrated Business Planning solution on the SAP HANA platform. SAP holds the No. 2 position for supply chain execution worldwide, with solutions for transportation and extended warehouse management, and showed the highest growth rate of all other leading competitors with a growth rate of 27.4 percent. Additionally, Gartner has released its list of The Gartner Supply Chain Top 25 for 2015**, as announced on May 13, 2015. SAP is the vendor of choice for 22 of the 27 companies on the top 25 and supply chain masters list included within the report. “We believe the findings by Gartner reflect that SAP’s presence in the supply chain market continues to grow and that our recent innovations in the areas of integrated business planning, transportation and warehouse management are being widely adopted,” said Hans Thalbauer, senior vice president, Line-of-Business Solutions for Extended Supply Chain, SAP. “Further, the overall growth confirms SAP’s position as a leader in the latest S&amp;OP, Warehouse Management and Transportation Management Magic Quadrants, while the planning numbers highlight our commitment to support and enhance APO through 2025.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SCMatSAP. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, EDT *Gartner “Market Snapshot: Supply chain Management Software, Worldwide, 2014”, May 4, 2015, by Chad Eschinger, Yanna Dharmasthira, Nigel Montgomery ** Gartner “Supply Chain Top 25 for 2015”, May 14, 2015, by Stan Araonow, Michael Burkett, Kimberly Nilles, Jim Romano Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
Big Wins in the United States for SAP and SuccessFactors
