WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that it has achieved leader status in the 2015 edition of Dresner Advisory Services’ “Wisdom of Crowds Mobile Computing/Mobile Business Intelligence Market Study.” The study compared 24 vendors with mobile business intelligence offerings, evaluating mobile platform support and integration, business intelligence features and customer ratings. SAP achieved the highest overall score. This is the fourth consecutive year SAP has ranked in the top three positions in Dresner Advisory’s annual assessment of the mobile BI landscape. “Our Wisdom of Crowds reports provide tremendous insights from actual users of business technology, giving readers an unbiased view of the vendor landscape and the various features and functionality available in the market,” said Howard Dresner, founder and chief research officer, Dresner Advisory Services. “We congratulate SAP on their position within the Mobile Computing/Mobile Business Intelligence Market Study.” The SAP BusinessObjects Mobile app provides secure access to critical business intelligence on any device, in any location, allowing users to stay competitive in today’s global, “always-on” business environment. Key abilities the mobile app supports include:  Analyzing key metrics and uncovering data trends Working seamlessly in both connected and disconnected modes Sharing business insights instantly with others Interacting with stunning new visualizations  Click here to download the SAP BusinessObjects Mobile app. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Leads Global Market Shift to Cloud Analytics with Acquisition of Roambi
February 16, 2016 by SAP News
