SAP Again a Leader in Latest Gartner Magic Quadrant for Corporate Performance Management Suites
April 9, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that for the ninth consecutive year it has been positioned by Gartner Inc. in the Leader’s Quadrant of the 2015 “Magic Quadrant for Corporate Performance Management (CPM) Suites” report.* According to Gartner, “Leaders possess a large percentage of the market share in the CPM suite market and demonstrate superior CPM sales levels. They can deliver breadth and depth of CPM suite functionality, as well as provide enterprise- wide implementations to support a broad CPM strategy. Leaders excel at vision, successfully articulate a business proposition that resonates with buyers, are well-recognized in the space, have broad international presence in execution, and are supported by the viability and operational capability to deliver on a global basis.” “We believe this Magic Quadrant validates our unique strategy of embedding solutions like business planning and consolidation software into our business suite for real-time planning and budgeting – a strategy that we feel no other vendor can provide,” said Ivo Bauermann, global vice president and general manager, EPM &amp; ERP Financials, SAP. “In our opinion, we remain an undisputed leader even though our most innovative solution, SAP Cloud for Planning, which we announced in February 2015, has not yet been included in Gartner’s weighting.” Released earlier this year, the SAP Cloud for Planning solution ushers in a new generation of planning in the cloud by helping to simplify planning processes with a consumer app–like user experience. Built natively on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, SAP Cloud for Planning embeds social collaboration and analytics directly within the context of the planning process so people can plan, analyze and discuss in context rather than having to switch to another application. Further information and the Magic Quadrant for CPM Suites report can be found here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT About the Magic Quadrant Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  *Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Corporate Performance Management Suites, published 2 April 2015 by Christopher Iervolino, John E. Van Decker. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
