SAP Customer – conwert Immobilien Invest – Runs Its Business in Real Time With SAP HANA
February 17, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that conwert Immobilien Invest SE, a fully integrated property group managing residential real estate in Austria and Germany, now runs its entire SAP system infrastructure on the SAP HANA platform to help simplify processes and minimize costs. conwert specifically deploys the financial accounting and controlling components of the SAP ERP and SAP Business Warehouse applications powered by SAP HANA using the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service. With SAP software, conwert is now able to run its accounting, reporting and consolidation processes for about 350 companies in real time as well as to harmonize its SAP infrastructure. Moving to SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud has enabled conwert to simplify its business processes and focus on core activities such as portfolio management, developing and selling property, and property services. “We wanted to concentrate fully on our core business, so we needed a cost-effective and flexible solution that simplifies our processes and minimizes hardware and support costs as well as cost of ownership,” said Hannes Gutmeier, head of Group IT at conwert Immobilien Group. “SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud enables us to simplify our IT infrastructure and to scale as we need without having to create a separate environment.” This year, the group is planning to deploy the flexible real estate management (RE-FX) component from SAP in SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud. RE-FX is an industry solution for real estate management that integrates with the financial accounting and controlling components of SAP ERP powered by SAP HANA in one system. With RE-FX, conwert plans to be able to manage its properties in real time. The SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service enables companies to run mission-critical SAP Business Suite and SAP Business Warehouse applications as managed cloud services that are highly scalable, which helps create value much faster at a lower total cost of ownership. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
