SAP Named a Leader in Gartner Magic Quadrant for Global Retail Core Banking
April 28, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has been positioned by Gartner Inc. as a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Global Retail Core Banking report* for the ninth consecutive year. SAP is recognized as a market leader for both its “ability to execute” and “completeness of vision.” “In today’s fast-paced consumer environment, banks must operate in real time and efficiently 24×7. One very powerful way to achieve this is through the adoption of in-memory computing technology,” said Falk Rieker, global head of the banking business unit, SAP. “With the in-memory computing power of SAP HANA, banks can analyze operations, markets and client activity simultaneously, generating deep insights that enable faster decision making. Core banking software from SAP enables banks to make their business more agile and customer-centric.” According to the Gartner report, “Leaders in the global retail core banking GRCB market tend to possess a high-order market understanding – that is, they make it their business to monitor market trends, funneling progressive innovation into their product road maps. About half of this group either possesses software development quality certifications or is pursuing them. Without exception, the leaders are progressively ‘thinking small’ or targeting component-based architecture as a gateway to providing increased accessibility to the granular functionality that banks need to drive the basis for differentiation.” Core banking software from SAP give banks a 360-degree view of the business so they can streamline operations, deliver customer-centric services and efficiently satisfy regulatory mandates. Providing the flexibility of cloud adoption and powerful analytics of the SAP HANA platform, SAP gives banking customers real-time insights into key performance indicators such as market trends, customer behavior and risk patterns. More than 14,100 banks in 150 countries rely on the SAP for Banking solution portfolio to become more customer-centric, reduce complexity and manage regulatory and risk compliance more easily. To learn more, visit http://www.sap.com/banking and SAP Solution Explorer. The 2016 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Global Retail Core Banking report can be accessed here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Birgit Dolny, +49 (6227) 7-61664, birgit.dolny@sap.com, CET Jill Fisk, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0529, jill.fisk@fleishman.com, ET About the Magic Quadrant Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. *Gartner, “Magic Quadrant for Global Retail Core Banking,” published April 21, 2016 by Don Free Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
