SAP, Google Enter Patent Cross-Licensing Agreement
October 29, 2015 by SAP News
MOUNTAIN VIEW and WALLDORF — Google Inc. and SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) have entered into a long-term patent cross licensing agreement that covers a broad range of products and technologies. The agreement covers the companies’ existing patents and those filed over the next five years. “We are pleased to enter into this agreement with a leading global technology company like SAP and welcome discussions with any company interested in similar arrangements,” said Kirk Dailey, Head of Patent Transactions at Google. “Cross-license agreements like this enable companies to focus on bringing great products and services to consumers around the world.” This agreement advances the relationship between the companies, which joined the LOT Network in 2014, a community-based patent-licensing agreement designed to reduce for its members patent troll litigation and the growing practice of patent privateering. “We are proud to announce this important agreement with Google, a global leader in technology,” said Tony DiBartolomeo, Chief IP Counsel, SAP. “Giving talented engineers and developers the freedom to build great products is key to promoting innovation. Patent cross-license agreements like this one increase freedom to operate and prevent distractions from unnecessary patent litigation. And, like Google, SAP welcomes similar discussions with like-minded companies.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About Google Google is a global technology leader focused on improving the ways people connect with information. Google’s innovations in web search and advertising have made its website a top Internet property and its brand one of the most recognized in the world. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Andy Kendzie, +1 (202) 247-7064, andy.kendzie@sap.com ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Google Press: press@google.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo via Shutterstock
