April 28, 2015 by SAP News
PALO ALTO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Varian Medical Systems is using SAP ERP powered by SAP HANA to accelerate transaction processing in its ERP application. Complex data can now be rapidly analyzed, which drives more-informed decision making. “With SAP ERP powered by SAP HANA, a transaction that took us three-and-a-half hours is now completed in five minutes,” said Snehashish Sarkar, director of enterprise applications, Varian Medical Systems Inc. “Such speed frees up time for innovation and other more productive activities.” Varian Medical Systems, based in Palo Alto, California, is a manufacturer of medical devices. Thousands of patients are treated each day using radiation oncology technology from Varian. With SAP HANA data can be analyzed up to 97 percent faster. In addition, time card entry and approval apps built with the SAP Fiori user experience are helping to increase employee efficiency and address costs. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
New Single, User-Centric Support Entry Point for All SAP Customers: SAP ONE Support Launchpad
