HOUSTON &amp; HANOVER — Accenture (NYSE: ACN) and SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) have been selected by CenterPoint Energy to design, test and implement an asset analytics solution that supports CenterPoint Energy’s strategy of integrating information technology (IT) with operational technology (OT). This will help improve management and maintenance of its transmission and distribution assets. The announcement was made at CeBIT 2015, being held in Hanover, Germany, from March 16-20. Developed by the Accenture and SAP Business Solutions Group, the IT-OT Integration Solution by Accenture and SAP for utilities is designed to combine business data (IT) with sensor data (OT), as well as external data feeds to manage the unified data model on the scalable SAP HANA Cloud Platform. “The advent of the Industrial Internet of Things means that our organization is generating enormous amounts of data ranging from our enterprise, operations, customer and control systems, right through to specific assets,” said Gary Hayes, CIO and SVP from CenterPoint Energy. “We selected Accenture and SAP to help us harness this data to generate operational and cost benefits for our business, based on their experience in transmission and distribution services and their successful history in teaming on innovative digital projects.” CenterPoint Energy is establishing SAP HANA as a core component of its technology platform to bring together enterprise and operational data. Accenture will manage the project using its industry knowledge and business process experience in the utilities domain and providing asset analytic guidance, testing, development and systems integration services. SAP intends to develop the platform utilizing the SAP HANA platform and a prototype asset health application. “With deeper insight into its asset base through analytics, CenterPoint Energy would be able to enhance its decision making capability. This would allow the company to further reduce asset risk and increase the efficiency of capital and operations and maintenance spending,” said Kathy Sanders, Accenture Utilities West Market Lead. “Given the potential for adverse weather events in the Houston area, reliability is a critical issue for clients. This initiative will help CenterPoint Energy target its planned asset replacements in key areas. In addition, the solution would address industry-wide needs, harnessing digital technology and the power of the SAP HANA platform to improve the management of the transmission and distribution network.” “With the launch of the Accenture and SAP Business Solutions Group, we’ve made major strides in establishing the next-generation platform for combining business and sensor data onto the SAP HANA platform, which can benefit numerous asset-heavy industries,” said Henry Bailey, global vice president, Utilities, SAP. “In particular, the IT-OT Integration Solution for utilities integrates grid operations and business information to repair, maintain and optimize critical infrastructure assets in a safe and secure manner.” As Accenture and SAP are further enhancing their joint efforts to build industry solutions in the Internet of Things space, the IT-OT Integration Solution is also being developed for other asset-heavy industries. Furthermore, additional solutions are under development for other industries, such as industrial equipment and automotive. About Accenture Accenture is a global management consulting, technology services and outsourcing company, with approximately 319,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries. Combining unparalleled experience, comprehensive capabilities across all industries and business functions, and extensive research on the world’s most successful companies, Accenture collaborates with clients to help them become high-performance businesses and governments. The company generated net revenues of US$30.0 billion for the fiscal year ended Aug. 31, 2014. Its home page is www.accenture.com. About CenterPoint Energy CenterPoint Energy, Inc., headquartered in Houston, Texas, is a domestic energy delivery company that includes electric transmission &amp; distribution, natural gas distribution and energy services operations. The company serves more than 5 million metered customers primarily in Arkansas, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Oklahoma, and Texas. The company also owns a 55.4 percent limited partner interest in Enable Midstream Partners, a publicly traded master limited partnership it jointly controls with OGE Energy Corp., which owns, operates and develops natural gas and crude oil infrastructure assets. With more than 8,500 employees, CenterPoint Energy and its predecessor companies have been in business for more than 140 years. For more information, visit the website at www.CenterPointEnergy.com. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Contacts: Guy Cantwell, Accenture, + 281 900 9089, guy.cantwell@accenture.com Justyna Devraj, Accenture, + 44 20 7844 0090, + 44 750 012 4567, justyna.devraj@accenture.com Jason Loesche, SAP, + 484 437 0015, j.loesche@sap.com SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved.   SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP InnoJam at 2015 CeBIT: Live Programming With SAP Technology
March 16, 2015 by SAP News
