Service &amp; Support Organization of SAP Named a Leader in Industry Analyst Firm’s 2015 Magic Quadrant for Implementation Service Providers
August 27, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Gartner Inc. has positioned the Service &amp; Support organization of SAP in the Leaders quadrant for the third year in a row as published in its July 23, 2015, report “Magic Quadrant for SAP Implementation Services, Worldwide.” The report evaluated service providers for a broad range of implementation services across multiple SAP applications and technologies. Service providers were assessed based on their “ability to execute” and their “completeness of vision.” In the report Gartner stated, “Leaders are performing well today, gaining traction and mind-share in the market; they have a clear vision of market direction and are actively building competencies to sustain their leadership position in the market. The players in this quadrant generally have a global client base, a track record of implementing complex SAP programs globally that support business transformation and well-balanced business, process and industry consulting and implementation capabilities that are supported by rigorous tools and methodologies.” “We believe we are positioned in the Leaders quadrant for the third year in a row because of our strong commitment to our customers’ success,” said Michael Kleinemeier, member of the Global Managing Board of SAP SE. “SAP offers clients in-depth knowledge across all major products and a full spectrum of services that ensures maximum return on investment. Our services arm has the most experience implementing new SAP solutions and we offer unparalleled support.” As announced earlier this year, SAP has transformed its service, support and custom development operations to help customers innovate faster and simplify their experience with SAP. Service &amp; Support is bolstered with about 16,000 delivery consultants, as well as more than 1,200 custom development consultants. It collaborates with more than 8,000 support professionals globally. The Service &amp; Support organization helps customers reduce complexity and total cost of ownership and navigate rapidly changing technology and business demands. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
