June 16, 2015 by SAP News
NICE — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the release of support package stack 10 (SPS10) for the SAP HANA platform, helping customers successfully extend all the key functionalities of their core business to the edge of the network where remote business transactions and events actually occur. The latest release delivers new capabilities that help customers connect with the Internet of Things (IoT) at enterprise scale, manage Big Data more effectively, further extend high availability of data across the enterprise and develop new applications. The announcement was made at SAPinsider HANA 2015, being held June 16-18 in Nice, France. “SAP HANA gives customers one integrated platform for transactional and analytic workloads,” said Quentin Clark, chief technology officer, SAP. “The new capabilities of SAP HANA ensure data center-readiness, enable synchronization of data to any remote system, extend high availability and disaster recovery of enterprise data and perform advanced analytics. We are readying our customers for the inevitable digitization of our entire economy.” Connecting to the Internet of Things at Enterprise Scale The new remote data synchronization feature of SAP HANA enables organizations to synchronize data between the enterprise and remote locations at the edge of the network. Developers can now build IoT and data-intensive mobile apps that leverage SAP HANA remote data synchronization between the enterprise and remote locations via the SAP SQL Anywhere suite – a leading enterprise-ready, embeddable database technology with more than 12 million licenses. Now, enterprise data can be securely captured, accessed and fed back into SAP HANA from remote workplaces such as retail stores and restaurants. In addition, customers can collect and analyze IoT data for performing critical tasks at distant locations including predictive maintenance on ships, pumping stations and in mines with low bandwidth or intermittent connections or even while offline. Streamlining Data Access and Management of Big Data Businesses can continue to harness Big Data using expanded smart data integration capabilities of SAP HANA to the latest Hadoop distributions from Cloudera, Hortonworks and MapR. Additional enhancements for SAP HANA include faster data transfer with Spark SQL and a single user interface (UI) for SAP HANA and Hadoop cluster administration using Apache Ambari. IT organizations can also take advantage of new rules-based data movement among multiple storage tiers based on business requirements. For example, organizations can set up rules to keep one year of data in memory and set a rule to move older data to disk storage or Hadoop. Finally, customers can have greater confidence in the data they are collecting with new smart data quality capabilities for SAP HANA to cleanse data and merge duplicates by using an easy-to-use, Web-based development workbench. Extending High Availability and Scalability Across the Enterprise SAP HANA delivers new high availability and disaster recovery capabilities to help ensure data center readiness and support for always-on, mission-critical applications. Features such as 1-to-n asynchronous replication, auto-host failover for dynamic tiering and incremental backups help reduce system downtime and facilitate true business continuity across the enterprise. In addition, companies can leverage the NUMA (non-uniform memory access) -aware architecture of SAP HANA to support large scale systems with more than 12TB of memory to rapidly process large data sets and improve overall business performance. Enhancements in workload management help further improve mixed workload performance to optimize resource more effectively. “High availability and disaster recovery are some of the most critical requirements for any enterprise-level IT landscape with data centers,” said Carl Olofson, research vice president, Application Development and Deployment, IDC. “The importance of ensuring reliability and certainty that IT operations will continue in the event of a failure cannot be understated. SAP HANA has been designed to provide a solid foundation that facilitates business continuity across the enterprise and reduces the risk of security breaches.” Innovating Through Advanced Analytics With the expanded data processing capabilities in SAP HANA SPS10, businesses can accelerate the development of powerful applications with advanced analytics. SAP HANA text mining now extends to the SQL syntax, making it easier for developers to build next-generation applications. The new spatial processing enhancements of SAP HANA include support multidimensional objects and spatial expressions in SAP HANA models or SQLScript. As a result, developers can incorporate engaging visualizations in their business applications. Strong Momentum on SAP HANA The number of customers transforming their business with SAP HANA is dramatically increasing. SAP HANA currently has more than 6,400 customers, almost doubling from only one year ago. SAP HANA Cloud Platform has quickly built momentum with approximately 1,400 customers. SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA) has driven tremendous interest out of the gate with more than 370 customers in 2015 alone. The SAP Business Warehouse application on SAP HANA continues to have strong traction with over 1,900 customers. Adoption of SAP HANA by startups has soared, with more than 2,000 leveraging the SAP HANA platform today. In addition, there are more than 815,000 active users of SAP HANA. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 291,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Scott Malinowski, +1 (617) 538-6297, scott.malinowski@sap.com, EDT Cathrin Von Osten, +49 6227 7 63908, cathrin.von.osten@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
European Schools Select SAP Simple Finance to Empower Users and Better Serve Students
