February 25, 2015 by SAP News
NEWTOWN SQUARE — SAP Americas, a subsidiary of SAP SE (NYSE: SAP), today announced strong momentum among both new and existing customers and across multiple solution areas including human capital management (HCM), SAP solutions for customer engagement, the SAP HANA platform and analytics solutions from SAP. Key customer wins included the following: Mohawk Industries is a leading flooring company, with more than 30 flooring categories and revenues of US$8 billion annually. Mohawk selected SAP HANA and also recently chose solutions from hybris, an SAP company, and the SAP Cloud for Customer solution in order to engage their consumers, channel partners and internal sales and marketing personnel to create a unique and unified experience. Newport Corporation is a leading global supplier of advanced technology products and systems to customers in the scientific research, microelectronics, life and health sciences, industrial manufacturing, defense and security markets. The SAP hybris B2B Commerce solution will help the company increase online revenue by simplifying the way Newport Corporation runs its business by creating a customized user experience featuring product information, cross-and up-selling opportunities, interactive customer service, as well as a fully mobile offering. Whirlpool Corporation, a leading global manufacturer of home appliances, selected solutions from SuccessFactors, an SAP company. The SuccessFactors HCM Suite, including the SuccessFactors Employee Central solution, will help accelerate and create the foundation needed to consistently deliver strong human resources (HR) strategic business solutions. Whirlpool plans to simplify how HR delivers strategic solutions through an efficient service delivery model, supporting its focus on people excellence and building a highly engaged, high-performing organization. Fender Musical Instruments Corporation, a leading guitar manufacturer, recently selected SuccessFactors HCM Suite after an exhaustive search to find a comprehensive global HCM solution that provides an engaging experience for its diverse workforce. With a consolidated view of its global workforce, Fender expects to simplify its HCM landscape in an effort to drive strategic people decisions while driving employee performance and engagement with a comprehensive suite of talent management tools. Pacific Drilling, a leading global offshore high-specification drilling contractor, relies on the speed of SAP HANA and the intuitive design of the SAP Fiori user experience (UX) to help employees around the world turn insight into action. The consistent UX and role-specific apps require no training and accelerate the completion of daily tasks, driving a deeper focus on strategic innovation. Rodan + Fields, a U.S.-based skincare company that sells its products via a social commerce model in the direct selling channel, needed a high-volume finance solution able to handle high transaction volumes. By implementing the enterprise resource planning (ERP) application SAP ERP, which supports, finance, order-to-cash, sales order processing and procure-to-pay, the company will be able to handle both additional new orders as well as renewal orders. McCormick and Company, manufacturer of spices, herbs and flavorings for retail, commercial and industrial markets, selected solutions from Ariba, an SAP company, including the Ariba Procure-to-Order, Ariba Invoice Professional, Ariba Discount Management, Ariba Contract Management and Ariba Supplier Information Performance Management solutions to enable business process transformation and achieve efficiencies. McCormick expects to gain improved compliance, increased savings and reduced effort to load workflow and process invoices. Covenant Transportation Group, a large trucking company, selected the SAP InfiniteInsight solution, SAP Data Services, SAP Lumira software and SAP HANA Cloud Platform to enable it to help better retain drivers by identifying key attrition factors. Holiday Retirement, one of the largest senior living community operators in North America, purchased Ariba Contract Management, the Ariba Procure-to-Pay and Ariba Sourcing solutions, and the SAP Fieldglass Contingent Workforce Management and SAP Fieldglass Services Procurement applications, in order to provide automated and connected processes and to help minimize risk, increase contract compliance and eliminate maverick spend. By reducing manual processes, Holiday Retirement plans to remove paper and its associated costs, which will help greatly reduce cycle times and errors. Crocs, a Colorado-based manufacturer of foam clogs distributed worldwide, chose the SAP Conversion Management application to remarket to shopping cart abandoners. By facilitating a cross-channel remarketing experience, Crocs hopes to be able to increase recoveries by 10 to 30 percent and increase revenue. “The growth we are seeing across our entire suite of enterprise applications and SAP HANA is proof that ‘simple’ wins and that SAP customers are running simple with SAP,” said Jennifer Morgan, president, SAP North America. “Our customers are telling us they are all-in on running simple and our breadth and depth across on-premise and cloud gives them the tools they need to succeed and manage complexity.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Jason Grosse, +1 (415) 694-8554, jason.grosse@sap.com, PST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP and the European Space Agency Name First App Camp Winner
