BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that team BuildingRadar from Germany is the winner of the prize for best app at the Space App Camp held in Barcelona. The camp is managed by the CIO Center for Digital Leadership team at SAP, initiated by the European Space Agency (ESA) and organized by the Anwendungszentrum GmbH Oberpfaffenhofen (AZO). Startups and young talents representing five countries across Europe and Asia were challenged by SAP and ESA to develop apps on SAP HANA Cloud Platform that utilize Earth observation (EO) and business data to support the future of retail, construction, agriculture, climate and farming. The announcement was made at Mobile World Congress, being held February 22–25 in Barcelona. “With our innovation fast-track approach at the Space App Camp we aim to help startups and young university talents to rethink how business is done today, bring ideas to prototypes in only two days, as well as convert them into live solutions in a few months,” said Dr. Carsten Linz, business development officer and global head of SAP’s CIO Center for Digital Leadership. “Our collaboration with ESA helps us to combine the power of SAP HANA Cloud Platform with ESA’s accurate, timely and easily accessible EO information. This is digital innovation at its best, and it helps to shape the future of the digital economy.” SAP HANA Cloud Platform provided a unique in-memory database and business application services for the teams to quickly build, extend and integrate modern, mobile-enabled apps with ESA’s accurate, timely and easily accessible EO information, in particular Copernicus data. “I was impressed by the ingenuity and dedication of the five competing groups of developers,” said Prof. Volker Liebig, ESA’s director for Earth Observation Programs. “The results are another showcase of Earth observation data facilitating the daily life of the citizens and spurring the economy.” The final round of the Space App Camp challenges five top startups out of several dozen evaluated teams from the ESA startup network. Each team, composed of two to four members and supported by SAP and ESA experts, demonstrated how EO and business data can be used to run the world better in the areas of retail, construction, agriculture, climate and farming. The team members participating in the Space App Camp represented Germany, Greece, India, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, and competed for the “Best App of the Space App Camp” prize. The winning team, BuildingRadar, won €5,000 and will be considered for the SAP Startup Focus program. As part of its ongoing collaboration with ESA, SAP intends to work together with the startups incubated in the ESA Business Incubation Centres across Europe, through which ESA supports over 400 startups making use of space technology and space data. This collaboration aims to provide SAP with access to hundreds of new ventures. The CIO Center for Digital Leadership helps manage SAP’s own digital transformation, showcases its approach to customers, and drives digital platform-based innovation in an open ecosystem with SAP employees, student teams, and start-ups. It puts the leader at the center of everything and addresses digitalization holistically. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Susan Miller, SAP, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Releases New Version of SAP Hybris Billing to Help CSPs Transform into Digital Service Providers
February 23, 2016 by SAP News
