December 21, 2015 by SAP News
MONTREAL — Today SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and Cirque du Soleil announced a new, breakthrough digital integration for the highly anticipated production TORUK –The First Flight. Through a collaboration with longtime technology partner SAP, TORUK – The First Flight will be the first Cirque du Soleil show that will allow – and encourage – spectators to use their mobile devices during the show. By leveraging technology from the SAP HANA platform, the TORUK – The First Flight mobile app enables spectators to become part of the show before, during and after the performance. The app is available now through the Apple Store and Google Play. “This immersive digital technology brings Cirque du Soleil fans closer to the action and creates a more powerful experience for spectators of the incredible new show TORUK – The First Flight,” said Maggie Chan Jones, chief marketing officer, SAP. “We’re proud to bring technology from SAP HANA front and center, giving audience members an opportunity to interact with the characters and special effects on their mobile devices throughout the production.”  By leveraging SAP HANA, the TORUK – The First Flight mobile app enables spectators to become part of the show.  Before spectators even enter the arena, they can download the TORUK – The First Flight mobile app to receive ticket and show information and immerse themselves into the world of Pandora to learn more about the characters and mythical storyline inspired by James Cameron’s movie “Avatar.” Throughout the performance, the SAP HANA platform will facilitate communication between spectators and the show’s visual effects control system, creating a personalized experience delivered directly to their mobile devices based on their interaction with the app and location in the theater. This is accomplished through native and high-performing spatial processing capabilities in the SAP HANA platform, which provide functions that seamlessly analyze and process geospatial information in real time. After the show, spectators can continue to engage with TORUK – The First Flight through interactive images, videos and content that extends their experience. “When we set out to create a show that provided an unparalleled audience experience, we knew SAP would be the right partner to make that happen,” said Louis Malafarina, senior director, Corporate Alliances, Cirque du Soleil. “We believe the TORUK – The First Flight mobile app will help enhance the overall spectator experience, bringing fans deeper into the world of Pandora in ways they never thought possible. We look forward to continuing to work with SAP to develop new, innovative experiences for audiences of our future shows.” TORUK – The First Flight represents the most recent technology collaboration between SAP and Cirque du Soleil. Since 2001, SAP has helped Cirque du Soleil become one of the largest entertainment companies in the world. By implementing a wide range of SAP solutions, Cirque du Soleil continues to simplify its global operations including finance, human resources and procurement systems, helping streamline its business logistics and drive rapid growth. For more information on the SAP and Cirque du Soleil partnership, please visit the SAP Sponsorships website. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About Cirque du Soleil TORUK – The First Flight is Cirque du Soleil’s 37th production since 1984. The company has brought wonder and delight to more than 160 million spectators in more than 400 cities on six continents. Cirque du Soleil has close to 4,000 employees, including 1,300 performing artists from close to 50 different countries. For more information about Cirque du Soleil, visit www.cirquedusoleil.com. To find out more about the ONE DROP Foundation, visit www.onedrop.org. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Bonnie Rothenstein, SAP, +1 (610) 661-8867, bonnie.rothenstein@sap.com, ET Brett Cummings, FleischmanHillard for SAP, +1 (212) 453-2469, brett.cummings@fleishman.com, ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Laura Silverman, Publicist, TORUK – The First Flight, +1 (702) 324-8108, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP and Accenture Join Forces in Core and Industry Platform Development and Go-to-Market for SAP S/4HANA
