WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that MUDO, Turkey’s leading retailer for clothing, accessories, furniture and home decorations, is using the SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) application powered by SAP HANA to help improve reporting and to increase productivity. MUDO has over 120 stores across Turkey and a strong online presence. With such a large operation, the company needed better insight into transactional data across its business. Using SAP BW powered by SAP HANA, MUDO was able to drastically reduce the number of reports across sales, orders, inventory, procurement and finance. Now it can run ad hoc reports on up to six years of historical data in seconds, providing deeper insight into customer demand. “With SAP BW powered by SAP HANA, we can run reports faster than ever before,” said Rasim Manavoglu, CIO, MUDO. “System performance significantly improved, and our employees appreciate the speed. We can now report on anything and everything – providing us deeper insight into our business and our customers. We are unlocking the full potential of retail data.” The faster reporting allows MUDO’s employees to get more things done in less time, helping them stay focused on their business. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Activate Accelerates SAP S/4HANA Innovation Adoption
July 16, 2015 by SAP News
