SAP Announces SAP Solution Manager 7.2 to Help Customers Realize Power of SAP S/4HANA
May 4, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced SAP Solution Manager 7.2 for customers of the SAP S/4HANA suite. The new release of the solution for SAP S/4HANA offers customers significant simplification when implementing and operating SAP S/4HANA. The new release is designed to optimize value from SAP S/4HANA through its entire lifecycle and is fully incorporated in all SAP S/4HANA service packages. SAP Solution Manager enables customers to obtain maximum value from their investments in SAP software by serving as a hub for all management activities and as the central information resource for all aspects of deployed solutions. With SAP Solution Manager 7.2, SAP intends to redefine its implementation methodology by allowing customers to implement and operate SAP S/4HANA as their digital core solution with ease. “The development of SAP Solution Manager 7.2 was born from customer and user group feedback, as well as from keeping a close eye on market trends,” said Dr. Uwe Hommel, executive vice president, head of Digital Business Services China and head of Global Centers of Expertise, SAP SE. “We believe that SAP Solution Manager is the perfect foundation for delivering co-engineering projects within the next generation of the SAP MaxAttention services because it is not only our most user-friendly solution manager yet, but it provides innovation in functional areas across the board. SAP Solution Manager 7.2 is therefore perfect in helping our customers adopt digital business trends.” SAP Solution Manager 7.2 is designed for SAP customers who are using SAP S/4HANA or intend to migrate to cloud-based solutions. Built to provide full hybrid support, it is perfect for managing software environments that are partially on-premise and partly cloud-based. The new version of SAP Solution Manager is planned to be the first to run on the SAP HANA platform and to offer a single view of the entire SAP software infrastructure, including SAP HANA. SAP Solution Manager 7.2 is planned to include an implementation road map providing customers with packaged, best-practice-based process management, while allowing them to tailor business processes for their specific needs. SAP Solution Manager 7.2 also includes a complete graphical environment for business process modeling, allowing customers to extend the use of SAP Solution Manager from the design phase to the build phase. Customers are then able to manage models based on SAP S/4HANA to perform technical realization and operations in one centralized place. SAP Solution Manager employs best-practice content from model companies and the SAP Activate innovation adoption framework. Taking advantage of the SAP Fiori user experience, SAP Solution Manager 7.2 anticipates significant enhancements, enabling users to personalize and extend software screens with ease. Customers can tailor the entry screen, for instance, to meet role-based needs and include easy access to other applications. SAP is also offering focused solutions for SAP Solution Manager for the first time. These powerful special-purpose packages sit on top of SAP Solution Manager and are available now at SAP Store. With focused solutions for SAP Solution Manager, customers get ready-to-run extensions for SAP Solution Manager to accelerate building and running IT solutions. Focused Build for SAP Solution Manager addresses the needs of customers who want to accelerate the delivery of requirement support by leveraging agile methodologies that offer unprecedented transparency. SAP uses Focused Build for SAP Solution Manager for all projects of the next generation of SAP MaxAttention™ services and all implementations of SAP S/4HANA. Focused Insights for SAP Solution Manager allows customers to create operational and C-level dashboards for SAP Solution Manager based on preconfigured templates. More information on SAP Solution Manager is available here. To talk directly with the service and support experts at SAPPHIRE NOW, make arrangements here. Follow SAP Service and Support on LinkedIn. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
