SAP Customer University of Amsterdam Enhances Its Reporting and Student Evaluation with SAP HANA
March 24, 2015 by SAP News
AMSTERDAM — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the University of Amsterdam is using the SAP HANA platform to help improve its reporting and evaluation performance and to address costs. The University of Amsterdam is the largest research university in the Netherlands with more than 70,000 students and 10,000 staff offering over 300 programs. With SAP HANA the University of Amsterdam is now able to simplify and accelerate student information and data access for faculty and staff. “The big benefit for us is the ability to provide learning analytics across the faculties,” said Bert Voorbraak, director of ICT services, University of Amsterdam. “SAP Business Warehouse is providing us that functionality. We were hampered by the old system, we couldn’t load any big reports, we couldn’t load any more data. And now with SAP HANA we are able to go one step further.” As an existing SAP customer, the university knew that an upgrade to SAP HANA would be a fast and cost-effective way to help simplify its IT landscape and reduce complexity. Since migrating the SAP Business Warehouse application and SAP Business Suite applications to SAP HANA in only two months, the university has found that reports are now running four times faster, and it is able to employ mobile solutions to streamline student and faculty communications. To learn more about SAP HANA, visit www.saphana.com. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
