LAS VEGAS and NEW YORK — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced plans to accelerate its leadership position in the cloud with innovations built on the SAP HANA platform, predictive capabilities and mobile business intelligence that aim to enable users to benefit from consumer-grade experience and enterprise-scale performance. With the acquisition of the Roambi suite of solutions and related key assets, SAP intends to bring mobile access to analytics to everyone. In addition, SAP unveiled new predictive capabilities to analysts, developers and partners with SAP Predictive Analytics software planned for availability in the near future. Furthermore, a special trade-in promotion is now available to help users move away from other vendors’ disparate limited-functionality desktop tools to SAP offerings that aim to bring easy-to-use analytics solutions independent of IT or line-of-business needs. The announcement was jointly made at SAPinsider BI 2016, being held February 16–19 in Las Vegas, and Spark Summit East, being held February 16–18 in New York. “The old analytics strategy-to-execution loop is not real time, agile or democratic enough to adjust to digital realities,” said Steve Lucas, president, Digital Enterprise Platform, SAP. “SAP, a global leader in analytics, has completely changed the game and is now delivering a broad set of consumer-grade analytics solutions at enterprise scale across every industry and line of business. SAP aims to deliver all-in-one analytics for everyone, available in the cloud and on premise, designed to be ubiquitous and real time — something niche players in the analytics space cannot offer.” With these planned innovations and recently announced offerings including the SAP Cloud for Analytics solution for unified analytics and the SAP Digital Boardroom for live monitoring, SAP continues to deliver all-in-one analytics to help customers reimagine their business. SAP Aims to Allow Mobile Business Intelligence Users to Stay Competitive in an Always-On Business Environment Even today, the majority of the workforce still does not have access to insightful analytics, especially when traveling or working remotely. SAP has been focused on remedying this issue and is recognized as a mobile business intelligence leader. With the acquisition of the Roambi suite of solutions and related key assets, SAP intends to continue delivering innovations that enable users with tangible, easy-to-use analytics solutions that can retrieve relevant data anywhere, anytime. Roambi is a mobile-centric analytics and data visualization solution that redesigns the way the world uses critical information by enabling people from frontline staff and consumers to managers and executives to view, interact with and share data anytime, anywhere. SAP Predictive Analytics and Predictive Services Aim to Help All Types of Personas SAP Predictive Analytics already helps provide a foundation to build and manage a massive number of predictive models to train and score against a variety of targets including enterprise relational sources, existing SAP software systems and Big Data sources either directly or through Spark. “We use SAP Predictive Analytics as part of our larger SAP deployment, which also includes SAP HANA, to find out when one of our products might fail,” said Anders Reinhardt, head of business intelligence, VELUX A/S. “This not only helps from a cost-saving perspective, but it also enables us to let our customers know we might have an issue and, more important, explain how we can fix that issue. It’s about creating a better customer experience.” The new version of SAP Predictive Analytics plans to bring a new set of features such as native Spark modeling to analysts and data scientists. The features are intended to dramatically increase performance when analyzing data in Hadoop-based environments. SAP Predictive Analytics 2.5, planned to be generally available in the near future, is designed to increase a data scientist’s productivity and performance through ensemble modeling and tighter integration with libraries for SAP HANA. The planned introduction of native Spark modeling leverages Spark to perform a number of automated predictive analysis tasks without requiring costly data transfers outside of the Hadoop environment. SAP HANA Cloud predictive services 1.0 is available now and brings robust cloud-based predictive services for developers and partners to integrate predictive capabilities directly into their cloud-based applications. It also provides developers RESTful Web services for both batch and real-time analysis to make predictive analytics easy to build and consume. The new version brings five key services including scoring equations, key influencers, data set services, outliers and forecasting. More information is available at http://scn.sap.com/community/predictive-analytics. SAP Helps Companies Move to the Cloud To help businesses get beyond limited desktop analytic tools and move to a modern, built-for-the-cloud solution, SAP is currently offering a promotion for a limited time for companies interested in switching to SAP Cloud for Analytics. For more information please visit www.sap.com/reimagineanalytics. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices Top image via Shutterstock
Research Shows Correlation Between Digital Transformation and Faster Growth Among Small and Midsize Enterprises
February 16, 2016 by SAP News
