SAP Positioned in the Leader’s Quadrant of the Magic Quadrant for Transportation Management Systems in Latest Gartner Report
April 1, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has been placed in the Leader’s Quadrant of the 2015 Gartner report “Magic Quadrant for Transportation Management Systems,”* evaluated for the SAP Transportation Management (SAP TM) application. SAP solutions support the complete transportation management life cycle for both domestic and international freight through the planning, optimizing, tendering and settlement processes. The solutions also allow companies to manage their end-to-end logistics and order fulfillment processes with complete visibility, improved compliance and flexibility while helping maximize available resources and decrease logistics costs. With the latest version of SAP TM, all applications of logistics and order fulfillment are optimized to take more advantage of the benefits of the SAP HANA platform and also support new SAP HANA Live offerings. This allows transportation managers to identify and correct issues before they escalate and to keep track of their freight order executions. Additional innovations of SAP TM include fleet optimization through manual planning with Gantt charts and complete mass billing and invoicing capabilities. “In recent years, SAP has renewed its focus in the area of supply chain execution, and now have recognized leadership positions in both transportation management and warehouse management,” said Hans Thalbauer, senior vice president, Line-of-Business Solutions for Extended Supply Chain, SAP. “We feel our debut into the TM Leader’s Quadrant is an exciting success for SAP Supply Chain Management, and we will continue to deliver innovations to maintain this leadership position.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Birgit Dolny, +49 (6227) 7-61664, birgit.dolny@sap.com, CET *Gartner “Magic Quadrant for Transportation Management Systems, 2015”, March 24 2015, by Dwight Klappich and Bart Dse Muynck Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
