U.S. EPA Recognizes SAP Among Nation’s Leading Green Power Users
July 28, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has been recognized as one of the top 100 green power users by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for the second time in a row. In the United States, SAP buys 90 million kilowatt-hours of renewable power annually, sufficient to meet 100 percent of the company’s electricity use. According to the U.S. EPA, SAP’s green power use in America is equivalent to the electricity use of nearly 9,000 average American homes annually. SAP America Inc. has been ranked number nine on the Top 30 Tech &amp; Telecom list. Since 2014, all of SAP’s data centers and offices worldwide run on electricity solely from renewable sources. This will help eliminate carbon emissions caused by its customers’ systems by moving them into a cloud powered by green energy. “This recognition by the EPA is great validation for our environmental efforts,” said Daniel Schmid, chief sustainability officer, SAP SE. “Using green power helps us to meet our emission reduction goals and support our customers in reducing their carbon footprint by moving their systems into our green cloud. At the same time we are sending a message to others across the world that supporting clean sources of electricity is a sound business decision and an important choice in reducing climate risk.” Since taking wide-reaching measures in 2008, SAP has reduced its carbon footprint by nine percent in spite of a strong company growth. SAP is committed to preserving natural resources and helping its customers do the same. SAP would like to set a good example for other companies worldwide to use 100% renewable energy. That is one reason why it joined the green power initiative RE100 in January 2015. The Climate Group is partnering with CDP Worldwide to encourage companies to join RE100 and commit to using 100% renewable power. The goal of the campaign is to have 100 of the world’s most influential businesses join by 2020. SAP has a holistic approach to sustainability. To meet the company goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to 2000 levels by 2020 across all operations, the company not only invests in renewable energy certificates (RECs). SAP also started a host of initiatives, from its electric company car fleet and a bicycle leasing program for employees to its publicly available ridesharing initiative, the TwoGo program. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Bettina Wunderle, +49 7544 970538, bettina.wunderle@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
