Lloyd’s Register Selects SAP for Major Global Business Transformation Program
October 26, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — Lloyd’s Register, a leading engineering, technical and business services organization, has selected SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) with the goal of delivering an integrated, international, on-demand enterprise resource planning (ERP) and business management solution. With operations in 78 countries and more than 9,000 employees, Lloyd’s Register faces increasing complexity in managing its operations and taking advantage of the opportunities offered by the digital economy. SAP solutions aim to simplify and enhance the company’s finance, project management, project resourcing and human resources (HR) processes, helping Lloyd’s deliver on its commitment to keep employees at the heart of its business. “We are 255 years old but have never stood still and continue to innovate and evolve. We have selected SAP Business ByDesign and Success Factors to provide our teams with modern and mobile, user-friendly solutions to their everyday activities. This new partnership will help us to implement smarter and more automated processes across our global network,” said Andrew Punter, transformation director, Lloyd’s Register. “By focusing on improving the Lloyd’s Register experience for customers and staff, we will be even better placed to deliver the performance standards demanded in today’s world.” Designed for project based businesses and delivered online as software-as-a-service (SaaS), the SAP Business ByDesign solution and solutions from SuccessFactors, an SAP company, are planned to be available globally supporting multiple languages, currencies and legal and financial conventions at Lloyd’s Register while being managed, monitored and maintained by SAP through continuous release cycles. The program will support the company in moving to a shared services operating model and driving compliance requirements for technical authorization more efficiently. For people management, the new tools will support the life cycle of HR processes — from hiring to retiring. Lloyd’s Register will implement the SAP solutions over two years. Cloud solutions from SAP cover several business areas, including financials, HR management, sales and marketing, sourcing and purchasing, customer relationship management and supply chain management. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Kate Falcone, SAP, +44 (0)208 917 8156 / +44 (0)7966 975966, kate.falcone@sap.com. GMT Tracey Nugent, FleishmanHillard, +44 78 4105 4634, tracey.nugent@fleishmaneurope.com, GMT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
