SAP Named a Leader in Latest Gartner Magic Quadrant for Data Integration Tools
August 17, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that independent analyst firm Gartner Inc. has positioned the company as a leader in the “Magic Quadrant for Data Integration Tools 2015” report.* The report evaluated data integration products from SAP and recognized it as a leading provider based on its “ability to execute” and “completeness of vision.” The evaluation marks the company’s eighth consecutive year as a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Data Integration Tools. “We believe the Gartner Magic Quadrant recognizes SAP’s leadership in the data integration segment due to our innovative and broad product portfolio,” said Philip On, vice president of Product Marketing, SAP. “With our solutions for enterprise information management, we are able to offer our customers complete and trusted information for better Big Data analytics and more responsive business processes whether they are deployed on premise, in the cloud or in a combined hybrid landscape.” According to Gartner, “Enterprises need to improve the flexibility of their information infrastructure by intensifying their focus on data integration activities. More information and application managers are realizing that data integration is a critical aspect of their overall enterprise information management (EIM) strategy and information infrastructure. They understand that they need to employ data integration capabilities to share data across all organizational and system boundaries.” SAP solutions for enterprise information management help customers manage information as a strategic enterprise asset by providing the end-to-end capabilities to turn any type of data into information that is ready for action. With SAP solutions for EIM, enterprises can gain information with business context, improve data quality and achieve better governance. For additional information on the Magic Quadrant for Data Integration Tools, read the full Gartner report. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PT *Gartner, “Magic Quadrant for Data Integration Tools,” published 29 July 2015 by Eric Thoo, Lakshmi Randall Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
