HANOVER — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) is presenting the new “Industry 4.0” curriculum for the SAP University Alliances program together with member universities at CeBIT in Hanover. The curriculum offers teaching material for universities to train young talents for the production world of the future, and targets engineering, business and executive MBA students. Theoretical and practical units teach students a broad understanding of Industry 4.0 and offer hands-on exercises that enable students to work in Industry 4.0-like environments. During a pilot phase, selected universities and technical colleges from around the world have access to the curriculum, including Tongji University Shanghai, the Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences and the Baden-Wuerttemberg Cooperative State University. SAP University Alliances program member universities can integrate parts of the curriculum into existing seminars as well as use the curriculum to create entirely new courses. To support the practical units, universities can use visualization software as well as several stationary modules or a simulator from Festo. SAP and Festo Didactic have developed the curriculum since mid-2014 together with eight universities from around the world: University of Kansas, RWTH Aachen, Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences, DHBW Mosbach, Technische Universität Darmstadt, Aalborg University, Birmingham City University and Fudan University. “The industry is changing, we are educating the elite engineers who will contribute and grow with the digital world,” said Prof. Hongming Zhu, assistant dean of School of Software Engineering, Tongji University. “Industry 4.0 is the gateway for us.” At CeBIT, representatives from the first universities from Asia and Europe participating in the pilot phase are invited to an opening ceremony at the SAP stand in hall 4, booth C04. At 3:30 p.m. CET today, together with Dr. Bernd Welz, executive vice president and head of Scale, Enablement and Transformation, SAP, they will showcase the structure of the curriculum and how to implement it in courses. After completion of this pilot phase, the Industry 4.0 curriculum will be available to all of the more than 2,000 member universities, beginning in August 2015. For more information, visit SAP University Alliances on SAP Community Network and the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @sap_ua. Media Contact: Dana Rösiger, +49 (0) 6227 763900, dana.roesiger@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Cash Management powered by SAP HANA Designed to Simplify CFO Balancing Act
March 17, 2015 by SAP News
