HANOVER — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced an Industry 4.0 implementation project with GEA to address condition monitoring and predictive maintenance. Over the last months, SAP and GEA have been working together to bring machinery and engineering knowledge to the integrated, scalable and high-performance cloud offering based on the SAP HANA software. This announcement was made at CeBIT 2015 being held March 16–20 in Hanover, Germany. “We at GEA aim at strengthening and further developing our outstanding market position through continuous innovation,” said Jürg Oleas, CEO of GEA. “This means that we offer state-of-the-art, highly innovative products that serve as technological pacesetters for the entire market. With this cooperation and the new SAP solution, we are enhancing the processes of our customers to a new level of efficiency.” GEA, one of the world’s largest suppliers for the food processing industry and a wide range of process industries, intends to work with SAP on a project to optimize the performance of its separator and decanter machinery with the SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service solution, cloud edition. Based on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, the solution is intended to bring together technology, sensors and machine data with business processes, applications and practices. The anticipated outcome of the project aims to reduce structural complexity and increase operational excellence to help companies reduce cost and foster growth in existing and new markets. GEA will use the SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service, cloud edition to help its remote service technicians monitor the status of machines located at GEA customer sites and identify unusual trends or machine behavior in real time. Integration of the Internet of Things (IoT) services of SAP HANA Cloud Platform and the line recorder agent embedded (LRAE) adapter 1.0 from IFM Electronic GmbH, which is certified for integration with SAP’s cloud solutions will allow for machinery data to be collected. This data can then be enriched with business information from the SAP Business Suite software deployed at GEA. With SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service, cloud edition, GEA intends to offer new innovative services including modular service-level agreements, warranted availabilities and insurance to its customers. Planned innovations from SAP in the areas of vibration and predictive analysis will further complement the solution. The solution is expected to provide GEA the flexibility to add more machines and further product groups over time. “As Industry 4.0 unfolds, there will be new business opportunities for manufacturers driven by software-leveraged sensor data,” said Bernd Leukert, member of the Executive Board of SAP SE. “Organizations that start thinking now about how to incorporate innovation into manufacturing will have a distinct competitive advantage. Our cooperation with GEA intends to help the industry better cope with changing industry requirements so they can increase demand for products that match customer expectations precisely. We look forward to continuing to collaborate with GEA to help our customers enable real-time decisions, and enhance customer satisfaction and loyalty by connecting people, machines, products and services across the world.” To learn more, visit the SAP CeBIT page at www.sap-cebit.de/en. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. For more information, press only: Cathrin von Osten, +49 (6227) 7-63908, cathrin.von.osten@sap.com, CET Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, EDT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved.   SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP University Alliances Program Presents New “Industry 4.0” Curriculum
March 17, 2015 by SAP News
