May 13, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Hepsiburada.com, Turkey’s largest online retailer, migrated from disk-based servers to the SAP HANA platform. The SAP Business Warehouse application powered by SAP HANA provides Hepsiburada.com with real-time insight into customer orders and stock to help the company respond to orders immediately. Now Hepsiburada.com can prepare shipments within one hour of receiving orders and is able to offer better and faster customer service to its clients. “We considerably enhanced our ability to analyze the data we collect from different sources and accelerated our reporting pace,” said Hanzade Dogan Boyner, chairperson, Hepsiburada.com. “With SAP HANA, we can make our business decisions much more quickly.” With SAP HANA, Hepsiburada.com has been able to increase the speed at which customer data is accessed by 800 fold. Furthermore, the size of this data has shrunk 4.5 times, and monthly reports that previously took 42 minutes can now be created within 3 seconds. For further information on SAP HANA, visit www.saphana.com. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Customer CEAT Limited Drives Success in the Tire Business With SAP HANA
