BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the company plans to release enhancements to its SAP hybris Marketing solution, specifically designed to help communication service providers (CSPs) simplify their B2C and B2B customer engagements while improving the effectiveness of their marketing operations. The announcement was made at Mobile World Congress, being held March 2–5 in Barcelona. In February this year, hybris, an SAP company, launched a new marketing solution that unifies customer data into one centralized hub and allows companies to unleash the power of truly contextual marketing. Having real-time context-based data about individual customers and anonymous visitors enables brands to deliver contextual, consistent and relevant experiences throughout a customer journey, regardless of the marketing channel or device. Adding telco industry functionality to the SAP hybris Marketing solution sets a new standard for telco marketers, and is expected to improve their current marketing programs and open up new avenues to serve customers with relevant contextual marketing. “We fully understand the strategic importance of contextual data to telcos, and are moving quickly to bring this groundbreaking solution to our customers,” said Rick Costanzo, executive vice president and general manager, Telco Industry and Mobile Solutions, SAP. “I believe that context is one of the most important concepts in the Big Data conversation and has the power to transform massive amounts of customer data into one-to-one customer conversations. I am excited about the plan to offer this game-changing technology to telcos, which is expected to help them improve their bottom line by increasing their customer base.” Real-Time, 360-Degree Telco Customer and Prospect Profiles The SAP hybris Marketing solution uses real-time contextual data to continuously update a 360-degree profile of both identified customers and prospective customers. This dynamic profile spans what each customer has done in the past, what they might do in the future and what they are most interested in at any moment in time. Using powerful targeting tools, marketers can reach customers through one-to-one personalized campaigns on the Web site, via e-mail, or through digital display advertising. They can trigger a sales or service call or push messaging to mobile applications and devices. Campaigns can be automatically triggered by customer behaviors in real time, planned and scheduled by marketers or created ad hoc by marketers with a few mouse clicks. Because CSPs are in a constant battle to gain and retain customers, this type of insight, flexibility and agility can make the difference between surviving and thriving in today’s markets. Open, Integrated Telco Platform powered by the SAP HANA Platform The telco-specific, enhanced functionality in the SAP hybris Marketing solution is planned to be tightly integrated with SAP Billing and Revenue Innovation Management solutions and the SAP Convergent Mediation application by DigitalRoute, which serve as foundations of the next-generation billing support software from SAP. Telco marketers are expected to be able to combine operational, network and customer billing data into one application, unleashing the power of truly contextual marketing. The telco version of SAP hybris Marketing is designed to enable CSPs to analyze, visualize and explore customer data at very high speed. The SAP hybris Marketing solution, which is being developed on an open platform and will promote an open partner ecosystem, will be capable of being deployed in either cloud or on-premise software environments with prepackaged integrations from many leading marketing solutions partners. For more information about the SAP hybris Marketing solution, visit www.hybris.com/marketing. For more information about software for telcos from SAP, please visit www.sap.com/telecommunications. The telco-specific version of the SAP hybris Marketing solution is expected to be available April 2015. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Follow SAP Telco on Twitter at @SAP_Telco. For more information, press only: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, EST SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Sarah McKay, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2355, sarah.mckay@fleishman.com, EST About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
Ariba LIVE 2015 is Coming
March 3, 2015 by SAP News
