SAP Further Simplifies HCM Cloud Implementation
August 31, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced a series of new rapid-deployment solutions from SuccessFactors, an SAP company, to simplify and accelerate implementations of human capital management (HCM) cloud solutions. The new rapid-deployment solutions add to the existing portfolio of SAP Rapid Deployment solutions, further enabling customers to quickly adopt SAP SuccessFactors solutions and innovate HR functions, leveraging a comprehensive set of best-practice and service offerings. HR software must be more agile, mobile, flexible and productive to support today’s working environments. HR professionals have the unique challenge of providing the right digital technology for employee engagement, supported by best practices to make the technology work to improve employee growth and success. The comprehensive portfolio of rapid-deployment solutions offers quick and predictable implementation of nearly every SAP SuccessFactors solution and for every customer type. These preconfigured cloud solutions are an ideal choice for customers who wish to address their long-term HR blueprint in an incremental fashion, while still being able to tackle immediate HR needs. The new SAP Rapid Deployment solutions include:  The SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central rapid-deployment solution provides a holistic view for HR managers along with features like absentee and time-off management, making core HR operations more agile, mobile and flexible. The SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central Payroll for United States rapid-deployment solution helps customers expedite their implementation of U.S payroll processes in the cloud. The SAP SuccessFactors Align &amp; Perform rapid-deployment solution offers comprehensive performance and goal management, including goal visibility, performance management, 360-degree feedback and employee profile maintenance. The SAP SuccessFactors Succession &amp; Development rapid-deployment solution allows an organization to identify candidates for key roles and rapidly fill positions to ensure smart staffing decisions.  These additions to the portfolio of SAP SuccessFactors solutions offer customers fast and innovative ways to move their HR processes to the cloud and simplify HR operations, increasing agility and flexibility. “HR organizations are rapidly moving to the cloud to benefit from standardization and simplification. And they want the move to be quick and nondisruptive. At SAP we’re focused on making it just that, while also understanding that everyone is not moving everything to the cloud all at once,” said Mike Ettling, president, HR Line of Business, SAP. “These additions to our rapid-deployment solution portfolio offer agility and real-time insights for more efficient HR processes. The flexibility they bring allows organizations to solve immediate needs while being able to plan for future HR decisions.” These new additions to SAP Rapid Deployment solutions join a wide range of established solutions, including SAP SuccessFactors Recruiting rapid-deployment solutions, the SAP SuccessFactors Compensation rapid-deployment solution, and the SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central rapid-deployment solution. Explore the full portfolio at www.service.sap.com/rds-cloud. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
