May 16, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) has introduced SAP RealSpend, a new mobile app that provides visibility and access to up-to-the-minute budget and spending information. Based on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, the app uses cloud technology to pull data from core financial reporting systems, allowing line managers to perform ad hoc spend analysis and other “on-the-fly” calculations enabling live business processing. For many line managers outside the corporate finance function, visibility into budget and spending is often cumbersome. Spreadsheets with weeks-old data and predefined reporting dimensions from central controlling do not meet immediate needs for real-time decision making amid changing business conditions. SAP RealSpend recognizes the value of better-informed cost center managers. Developed at SAP Labs Berlin/Potsdam, Germany, using design thinking principles and input from finance professionals and other SAP end users and managers, SAP RealSpend treats line managers as members of the extended finance function, allowing them to monitor and actively manage budgets and actual spend with a powerful, easy-to-use tool. “SAP is known for providing leading-edge tools for the CFO and corporate finance function to manage spending and budget as effectively as possible,” said Thack Brown, general manager and global head of LoB Finance, SAP. “This app uses the cloud to innovate on top of our finance core and provides line managers and others with budget accountability the tools they need to make sound spending management a real-time activity across the entire enterprise.” Enabling the “Extended” Finance Team SAP RealSpend is a comprehensive tool with detailed drill-down features that make it possible to perform a fine-grained analysis of actual and future spends, as well as related forecast and budget plans. Managers can simulate the influence of certain decisions into budget factors including sales, marketing, travel, hiring and equipment investment. Augmenting financial data through specific tagging features enables flexible grouping and reporting beyond the classical ERP data model. “Every company has to manage expenses to be successful,” said Greg Smith, chief financial officer, ASR Group International, a Florida Crystals corporate affiliate. “SAP RealSpend enables our company to employ expense management in a real-time environment — all enabled by our adoption of SAP HANA and SAP S/4HANA Finance.” SAP RealSpend is one of the first apps that connects to the SAP S/4HANA Finance solution in real time without having to replicate data, thus realizing the benefits of SAP HANA Cloud Platform and its ability to support hybrid cloud and on-premise environments. SAP RealSpend also works with other data from SAP and third-party sources. The easy-to-navigate and tablet-enabled app can be implemented in a few easy steps, including a test-drive and end-user configuration. Showcasing the flexibility of SAP HANA Cloud Platform in extending customers’ core applications, this is an early example of planned innovative applications from SAP and its partners leading to faster, broader delivery of value and greater adoption. SAP RealSpend enables users to proactively manage their spending now and for the future and get the maximum out of a given budget. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 310,000 business and public sector customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: James Dever, +1 (610) 662 1341, james.dever@sap.com, ET Hilmar Schepp, +49 6227 746799, hilmar.schepp@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Randi Haney, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502 4300, sapfinance@pancomm.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Helps Small Businesses Capitalize on E-Commerce
