WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) has introduced the SAP Activate consumption experience, which will allow customers to deploy SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA), the next-generation business suite, to drive quick time-to-value. SAP Activate also enables partners to extend the ready-to-run business processes shipped by SAP. At the same time, partners can efficiently design and continually update their own custom best practices and co-innovate. To help businesses Run Simple, SAP Activate offers ready-to-run digitized business processes optimized for SAP S/4HANA. This new experience allows customers to flexibly choose the right approach for their business needs, be it a new implementation, integration or migration scenario. SAP Activate starts with SAP Best Practices packages for any implementation and uses one methodology for any deployment mode — cloud, on premise or hybrid. “SAP S/4HANA is the key to digitize your business and drive innovation,” said Michael Kleinemeier, member of the Global Managing Board of SAP SE. “SAP Activate makes it fast and simple to get there.” This implementation methodology is a unique combination of SAP best practices, methodology, and guided configuration to help customers and partners to deploy SAP S/4HANA. SAP Activate also enables partners to start fast, build smart and Run Simple while continuously innovating across deployment modes. SAP Best Practices SAP Best Practices for SAP S/4HANA provide ready-to-run digitized financial and operational business processes integrated with other cloud solutions, such as SuccessFactors Employee Central or Ariba Network. These SAP Best Practices guide customers through the migration process to SAP S/4HANA, whether customers migrate from a non-SAP database to SAP S/4HANA or from legacy systems to SAP S/4HANA. Guided Configuration Guided configuration provides assisted implementation of SAP S/4HANA. It supports customers and partners from initial setup all through continuous innovation after go-live. The guided approach allows business and IT to collaborate for a successful outcome. The entire process of collaboration will be recorded, thus supplying a configuration history that can be tapped into for future use. One Methodology SAP Activate methodology is the overall starting point for initiating any implementation of SAP S/4HANA. It is the successor of the ASAP methodology and SAP Launch methodologies, and caters to the usage of SAP’s premium engagements, SAP MaxAttention and SAP Active Embedded. SAP Activate is embedded in SAP S/4HANA. No additional licenses are required. To learn more on SAP Activate watch a video, “SAPPHIRE NOW 2015 Experience,” and read two blog posts, “Introducing SAP Activate: Best Practices, Guided Configuration, &amp; Methodology Optimized for SAP S/4HANA” and “Run Simple with SAP Activate: Best Practices, Methodology, &amp; Guided Configuration.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 291,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Named Market Leader in Global Trade Management Systems by ARC Advisory Group
September 17, 2015 by SAP News
