Wipro Implements SAP S/4HANA to Drive Efficiency and Simplicity
December 15, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) announced today that Wipro Limited, a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company, is extending its SAP footprint by deploying SAP’s next-generation business suite SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA) and other solutions from SAP. With SAP, Wipro intends to simplify its internal operations and reduce the costs of IT operations. The project will be delivered by a joint team of Wipro and the Global Service &amp; Support organization from SAP, and the implementation is expected to go live in early 2016. “Complexity hurts growth, and simplification is the new mantra,” said Bhanumurthy BM, president and chief executive, Business Application Services, Wipro Limited. “At Wipro, our aim is to drive a rich experience, enhance productivity and achieve faster IT performance at a lower cost. With SAP, Wipro can drive better innovation and help our customers reimagine business processes. SAP S/4HANA is a true simplifier of IT and business processes and delivers end-to-end digitized operations. We are confident our partnership with SAP will drive significant value for our customers.” Wipro plans to expand its SAP footprint beyond SAP ERP, the backbone of its current enterprise applications, by leveraging the SAP S/4HANA Finance solution, SAP Financial Closing cockpit, SAP Fraud Management analytic application, SAP Cash Management application, and SAP Treasury and Risk Management application. Additionally, Wipro also plans to use the SAP BusinessObjects™ Business Intelligence platform to help improve decision making and results, as well as the SAP Access Control application to help automate the process of detecting, remediating and ultimately preventing access risk violations. “As a long-time SAP customer and partner, Wipro has been an early adopter of SAP HANA and other innovations from SAP, and has recognized the business benefits of an in-memory platform,” said Gerhard Oswald, member of the Executive Board and the Global Managing Board of SAP SE. “The recent innovations delivered for SAP S/4HANA can help simplify Wipro’s business processes across its various lines of business such as finance, human resources, manufacturing, extended supply chain and beyond. We look forward to working with Wipro as they go beyond real time to a new world of live business with SAP S/4HANA.” As part of its road map to help customers across industries and regions drive their digital transformation with the next-generation business suite, SAP recently announced updates to SAP S/4HANA that delivered a wave of simplification and innovation covering the mission-critical business processes across lines of business such as finance, sales, service, marketing, commerce, procurement and sourcing, manufacturing, supply chain, asset management, research and development, and human resources. Additionally, enterprises can now drive end-to-end digitized operations across their key business functions. The SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management solution covers all core business processes of an enterprise, such as the order-to-cash, procure-to-pay, plan-to-product and request-to-service processes, and core capabilities such as core finance as well as more specialized line-of-business and industry capabilities. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Chaya Arora, +91 9987590976, chaya.arora@sap.com, IST Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Manasi Sakpal, +91 7738369622, manasi.sakpal@fleishman.com, IST SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com  Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
