November 10, 2015 by SAP News
BARCELONA — Easy-to-use mobile applications are a key enabler of the emerging digital economy and enterprises are looking for ways to quickly and simply mobilize their businesses. To address this need, SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced plans to enable customers to deploy and consume SAP Fiori apps across both on-premise and cloud architectures while delivering superior mobile app performance. With the planned introduction of SAP Fiori, cloud edition, and SAP Fiori mobile service, customers will have the ability to choose the deployment model that best suits their business environment and ensures a secure and rapid deployment option for SAP Fiori apps. This announcement was made at SAP TechEd, being held November 10-12 in Barcelona. In today’s hyper-connected world, users need and expect easy access at all times to the information, processes and systems they use. The planned SAP Fiori apps will be optimized for mobile consumption and deployed in the cloud to provide customers a path to engage with individuals across all devices and channels. The cloud edition of SAP Fiori, now in controlled availability, is a planned new SAP HANA Cloud Platform service that intends to enable customers to simplify the implementation and adoption of SAP Fiori, which helps renew and modernize customers’ on-premise SAP Business Suite. It is planned to be delivered with a limited number of SAP Fiori apps across lines of business, including human resources (HR), customer relationship management (CRM) and retail, covering use cases that are the most frequently and commonly used, such as manager approvals and employee self-service tasks. With SAP Fiori, cloud edition, and SAP Fiori mobile service available as technical services on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, SAP has enhanced its portfolio including on-premise SAP Mobile Platform for mobile applications, SAP Fiori on premise and now an as-a-service offering for SAP Fiori. SAP Fiori mobile service is a planned new SAP HANA Cloud Platform service that aims to help customers optimize SAP Fiori for mobile performance and productivity, driving increased adoption of apps. The new service intends to provide a guided approach to manage, secure, enable and test SAP Fiori apps.  Together, the cloud edition of SAP Fiori and SAP Fiori mobile service strive to help simplify the adoption and extend the benefits of SAP Fiori, the award-winning user experience (UX) for SAP software, across the enterprise. Built on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, the new services are planned to offer an end-to-end solution for extending, customizing, administering and distributing SAP Fiori apps. With SAP Fiori mobile service, users are expected to have an easier way to interact with SAP Fiori from a mobile device with compiled apps that support app security and native device feature access and offline access for both user interfaces (UI) and data. “As enterprises look to go mobile and digital, our customers are looking for a clear and consistent path for deploying SAP Fiori apps,” said Rick Costanzo, executive vice president and general manager, Telco Industry and SAP HANA Cloud Platform and Mobile Solutions. “SAP plans to enable  customers to quickly embrace SAP Fiori in the cloud to solve infrastructure challenges and optimize SAP Fiori for the mobile environment. With SAP HANA Cloud Platform, we are uniquely positioned to create disruptive and innovative business models to offer the best mobile experience to our customers.” The new offerings intend to help end users, administrators and developers with the following:  End users gain simpler access to SAP Fiori apps and a consumer-grade UX that is expected to help increase productivity by enabling business tasks to be completed from either a desktop or mobile device. End users are planned to have access to data locally and receive alerts and notifications to SAP Fiori apps. Administrators are planned to be able to manage the entire mobile app life cycle through design, development, deployment, monitoring and support. Administrators are expected to get better insight into SAP Fiori app adoption and utilization and reduce the need for training by delivering an engaging on-device experience. Simplified operations, wizards and administration processes intend to help users configure and operate SAP Fiori. Developers are planned to be able to focus on developing cross-platform, hybrid apps and have easier control of advanced mobile qualities such as offline data access and native device features. SAP Web IDE allows easy extension of existing apps and development of new SAP Fiori apps with a web-based integrated development environment (IDE) that requires no installation.  “SAP Fiori mobile service can help us simplify our infrastructure in the cloud while still allowing us to integrate with our on-premise back-office systems,” said Kunal Gandhi, SAP technical lead, ESRI. “Leveraging a single solution to build, secure and distribute SAP Fiori apps will allow us to concentrate on app development with a focus on the UX while helping to streamline the process to mobilize apps for our end users.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Susan Miller +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Cathrin von Osten, +49 6227 7-63908, cathrin.von.osten@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Launches SAP Vehicles Network in Europe
