January 7, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP Canada, a subsidiary of SAP SE (NYSE: SAP), today announced the appointment of John Graham as managing director of its Canadian business. Graham is a 14-year veteran of SAP and brings more than two decades of executive leadership experience to the role. He replaces Bob Elliott, who made a personal decision to leave SAP in September. “I cannot think of a more exciting time to become the leader of an organization that offers a truly unique platform of products and solutions to thousands of customers across Canada,” said Graham. “In these economic times, SAP is the only global software company in Canada capable of enabling businesses to harness the digital economy to innovate and operate more efficiently, and we will remain laser focused on helping our customers grow.” Most recently, Graham served as the head of the Global Partner Organization for SAP North America, with responsibilities for managing strategic alliance partners, channel resellers, third-party partners, OEM partners, distribution, inside sales and managed cloud as a service (MCaaS). Since joining SAP in 2001, John has held a variety of executive leadership roles, including chief operating officer for SAP North America and positions in the public sector, the central region’s emerging markets, ecosystem and channels, and line-of-business solution sales. “John couples a deep understanding of our business and industry with strong leadership abilities and a talent for taking the organizations he has been a part of to new heights,” said Jennifer Morgan, president, SAP North America. “He’s widely respected both inside and outside of SAP, and I’m confident he will be a great addition to the strong team we currently have in Canada.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Atle Erlingsson, SAP, +1 (415) 519-8053, atle.erlingsson@sap.com Carole Beatty, SAP, +1 (403) 389-7451, carole.beatty@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP to Announce Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings
