SAP Digital for Customer Engagement Solution Receives 2015 CUSTOMER Magazine TMC Labs Innovation Award
August 19, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that TMC, a global, integrated media company, has named the SAP Digital for Customer Engagement solution as a 2015 TMC Labs Innovation Award winner presented by TMC’s CUSTOMER magazine. “We have delivered a powerful yet simple solution centered on the unique needs of individual sales and service managers or small teams. When the individual business consumer is at the center of everything, innovation flows naturally,” said Nayaki Nayyar, senior vice president, Cloud for Customer Engagement, SAP. “It is easy to get started with and can grow as they grow.” SAP Digital for Customer Engagement is a simplified cloud customer relationship management (CRM) solution designed to meet the needs of individuals and small teams, but with enterprise-grade capabilities for both sales and customer service. The solution is provisioned immediately upon purchase and can be set up in minutes by following simple, in-product walk-throughs. This digitally-native product is available exclusively through SAP Store with a free 30-day trial and priced at US$29 per user per month thereafter.* Access to data is available anytime, anywhere and on mobile devices at no additional cost. An individual sales manager can import customer data from disparate systems, including Outlook, Google or CSV files, and immediately begin tracking and managing all customer interactions in one place. “Congratulations to SAP for being granted a 2015 CUSTOMER Magazine TMC Labs Innovation Award. SAP Digital for Customer Engagement has been selected for demonstrating innovation, superior quality and unique features which have had a positive impact on customer related technologies,” said Rich Tehrani, CEO, TMC. “We’re pleased to recognize this outstanding achievement with a TMC Labs Innovation Award.” The TMC Labs Innovation Award honors products that display innovation, unique features and significant contributions toward improving communications technology.  The TMC Labs Innovation Award is granted to those companies demonstrating ground-breaking contributions to the industry. The 2015 CUSTOMER Magazine TMC Labs Innovation Award results will be published in the September 2015 issue of CUSTOMER magazine. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Janice Tsoules, SAP, janice.tsoules@sap,com, +1 (650) 223-4817, ET Rebecca Conyngham, TMC Marketing Manager, rconyngham@tmcnet.com, + 1 (203) 852-6800, ext. 287, ET *Three-months renewal term Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
