January 11, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the SAP Global Trade Services (SAP GTS) application is now certified with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Automated Commercial Environment for Entry Summaries. The CBP has been called upon to provide the business world with an electronic “Single Window” IT system by the end of 2016, and the Automated Commercial Environment (ACE) is intended to fulfill the corresponding requirements. CBP automated systems electronically support the facilitation of importing and exporting goods. By the end of 2016, the ACE will become the Single Window — the primary system through which the trade community will report imports and exports, which will allow the government to determine admissibility. Using ACE as the Single Window, manual processes will be streamlined and automated, paper will be eliminated and the international trade community will be able to more easily and efficiently comply with U.S. laws and regulations. “We believe that our continued investment in SAP Global Trade Services has helped us to maintain consistent leadership in the global trade management market,” said Kevin McCollom, global vice president, Solutions for Governance, Risk and Compliance, SAP. “With our commitment to continuous innovation, including the recent announcement for ACE certification, we can help our customers to automate and streamline import and export processes. SAP is currently the only major enterprise software vendor to have achieved this certification.” SAP GTS is a global trade management solution that helps support export management, import management, screening and embargo, license and preference determination, foreign-trade zone and other special customs procedures such as processing trade in China. SAP GTS is available as an end-to-end solution, and customers can also acquire subsets of the solution independently depending on requirements. With the latest version of SAP GTS, global trade management processes are now optimized to also take advantage of the benefits of the SAP HANA platform. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
An Open Letter to Our Customers: SAP Brands Come Together as One
