HANOVER — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the availability of the cloud-based learning offering SAP Learning Hub for resale by SAP channel partners. As of today SAP channel partners can become authorized to resell licenses for SAP Learning Hub. The expansion of the hub’s availability reflects the company’s commitment to the education of its partners and customers by providing them access to all of learning content from SAP in one place. The announcement was made at CeBIT, being held March 16-20 in Hanover, Germany. Based on the SuccessFactors Learning solution, software from SuccessFactors, an SAP company, SAP Learning Hub is a cloud-based enablement site for the entire SAP ecosystem — customers as well as partners. In 2014 it experienced a 99 percent subscription renewal rate and a 200 percent overall growth rate. SAP Learning Hub has become a crucial component to helping customers run simple, keep their SAP skills up-to-date, develop knowledge in the latest innovation areas and secure their technology ROI. The site contains more than 4,800 online learning titles across all SAP offerings. The delivery  of the trainings focuses on three different areas, including self-learning, social learning with SAP experts and peers as well as hands-on practice. “Keeping pace with today’s rapid innovation cycles can be very challenging for partners and customers,” said Jan Meyer, head of Learning Strategy, Business Development and Delivery Channels, SAP. “The expansion of SAP Learning Hub’s availability dramatically simplifies the training process, providing access to the trainings partners and customers need from anywhere, anytime, so they can keep pace with innovation.” To learn more, visit SAP Learning Hub. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Tanja Charrier, +49 6227 7-48522, tanja.charrier@sap.com, CET Cindy McKendry, +1 (503) 231-7274, cindy.mckendry@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.  Photo: Shutterstock
Survey Says: The Cloud Grows Up – Business Value Is Evident, Investments Rise Sharply
March 11, 2015 by SAP News
