NEW YORK — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced findings from a survey and report commissioned by The Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU), “How Mobile is Transforming Retail.” The report is based on a consumer survey across 39 countries. The survey results were announced at the NRF annual convention and expo being held January 17–20, 2016, at the Javits Convention Center in New York City. Retailers are under enormous pressure to adjust both internal and customer-facing business strategies in order to keep pace with rapidly evolving consumer demands. And most are not evolving fast enough. The report identifies three key mobile imperatives to retail growth:  Address generational differences in shopper behavior: The report shows that 69 percent of consumers polled use smartphones and desktops for shopping in equal measure — but 81 percent of millennial respondents say they mainly use smartphones for the purpose. Prioritize the user experience to attract and retain customers:  Of those who shop infrequently from mobile devices, 63 percent blame small screen size and 38 percent cite awkward navigation as the obstacle. Among those who do not yet use mobile devices to request product samples, 51 percent believe they will do so in the future.   Close the gap in mobile shopping functionality:  In a few years, a generation whose shopping habits have matured alongside that of mobile technology will become the mainstay of retail spending in developed economies. The report also states:  About 60 percent of those polled use their mobile devices to comparison shop. Of those polled, 76 percent say in-store staff using mobile devices to ring up purchases appeals.   The increasing use of mobile shopping functionality threatens retailers who fail to meet this group’s expectations for more sophisticated mobile shopping services, especially as the group’s purchasing power grows, the report added.    With these three key mobile imperatives as guides, retailers can fine-tune their mobile shopping services. Carolyn Whelan, the report’s editor, said: “Mobile shopping continues to grow in its reach and breadth. But as demand for more sophisticated services picks up, particularly among Millennials, shoppers will be less forgiving of services that fall short. As retailers shift or expand their mobile service offerings, a cohesive strategy considering consumer capabilities and needs across multiple touch points, from the physical store to desktops and smartphones, is paramount.” To learn more about the global results of “How mobile is transforming retail: Bricks, clicks, tweets and texts across the omnichannel shopping mall,” click here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SAP_Retail. Media Contact: Stacy Ries, SAP, +1 (484) 619-0411, stacy.ries@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Soars Past 1,000 SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central Customers Milestone
January 22, 2016 by SAP News
