February 25, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it is working with Google to support Android™ for Work, enabling employees to securely bring their own Android devices to the workplace and conveniently switch between work and personal activities without relinquishing control of personal data. At the same time, integration with the SAP Mobile Secure portfolio helps IT managers and developers manage and secure devices, apps and content across the diverse Android landscape while also supporting the development of applications and standard apps. Click for full-size image. “Companies have experienced a surge of employees and business partners bringing Android devices into the workplace,” said Dirk Boessmann, senior vice president, Mobile Development, SAP. “For several years, SAP has been a leader in developing and deploying Android-based enterprise apps. However, Google Android for Work is a game changer. SAP and Google have worked together to offer customers a simple and consistent way to manage and secure the Android experience, regardless of OS version. They can also take advantage of the innovations in application development and distribution designed specifically for Android for Work. The leading SAP apps will be ready for installation within Android for Work.” SAP will continue to work to support customers who want to use the Android operating system with the latest versions of SAP HANA Cloud Platform and its platform-as-a-service offerings including SAP HANA Cloud Platform mobile services, SAP Mobile Platform, SAP Mobile Secure, and several hundred Android-based mobile apps from SAP. With the SAP Mobile Place tool, a brandable, localizable and secure enterprise app store, SAP offers an easy and innovative way to distribute apps to enterprises. More information on the joint SAP and Google solution can be found here. To learn more about mobile solutions from SAP, visit www.sap.com/mobile. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
SAP Delivers a New Generation of Planning in the Cloud
