SAP’s Recruiting Team, Technology and Strategy Honored by Industry Leader ERE Media
March 31, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that its recruiting programs and usage of technology were honored as winners of the ERE Recruiting Excellence Awards in the categories of “Strategic Use of Technology” and “Best Employer Brand.” The ERE Recruiting Excellence Awards are run by ERE Media, a research and information services site for recruiters and talent management professionals, and are judged by an audience of progressive and dynamic recruiters. Honorees are standouts in their fields, comprising many of the largest and most recognizable companies in the world. “Our judges were highly impressed with SAP’s ability to deliver an engaging, tech-driven and humanized recruiting experience to thousands around the world,” said Todd Raphael, editor-in-chief for ERE. “The company has done a great job telling its story through its many employees, showcasing the company as a place people should want to work. SAP has joined quite prestigious company in winning this award.” As the Best Employer Brand, SAP was honored for revamping its strategic focus on employee storytelling on popular social channels, including a new mobile-enabled careers site aimed at humanizing the brand through employees’ own stories. By merging its employment brand and global sourcing teams, SAP also created a unified approach to identify pipelines and market to desired talent, prior to candidates being contacted. The team trained recruiters on how to sell to passive candidates and overcome objections. By streamlining talent and technology, the SAP talent community grew to more than 260,000 members in 2014. SAP’s recruiting approach was also named the Strategic Use of Technology winner for remodeling its approach to university hiring. The company opened up hiring for the SAP Academy for Sales program across social channels, with campaigns on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook. To evaluate qualified candidates, SAP created a series of assessments, which resulted in a more engaging and motivating recruiting approach, delivered with lower screening costs. SAP’s winning recruiting program runs the SuccessFactors Recruiting Marketing solution, which attracts candidates with data-driven, dynamic and intelligent marketing programs. Qualified candidates are tracked throughout the recruiting process with the SuccessFactors Recruiting Management solution, equipping the SAP team with an accessible and engaging way to hire the best talent. The end result is a quality experience for both SAP and its candidates. Seventy-five percent of candidates said online tools boosted their motivation to apply, with 88 percent finding the tool more engaging than other graduate applications. The new online approach also generated more than 1.2 million visitors to the SAP Academy for Sales website. “Our mission as recruiters is to make the process as engaging and enticing as possible, to attract top talent from around the world,” said Matthew Jeffery, head of Global Talent Acquisition Strategy &amp; Innovation, SAP. “We sought to streamline our approach and better utilize technology to deliver a quality recruiting experience. We’re honored to be recognized by many of the leaders in the recruiting industry, and we look forward to improving our recruiting practices for years to come.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Bri Vellis, +1 (650) 645-2544, bri.vellis@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
