DAVOS — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and First Data (NYSE: FDC) today announced plans to eliminate the complexity from business-to-business (B2B) payments with the rollout of the AribaPay solution across Europe and Latin America. An innovative electronic payment solution delivered through the Ariba Network, AribaPay enables companies of all sizes to complete B2B payments with the same simplicity, reliability and security that consumers do. “In combining First Data’s trusted global payments infrastructure with the unique insights and information-sharing capability of the Ariba Network, our companies can turn antiquated payment methods on their head,” said Frank Bisignano, chairman and CEO, First Data. “We can help buyers and suppliers complete the procure-to-pay process faster, easier and with greater visibility.” AribaPay will bring together the best of First Data and SAP Ariba solutions to make the procure-to-pay process seamless. Leveraging SAP Ariba market-leading cloud-based solutions and business network, AribaPay automates transactions and delivers rich remittance information to improve billing and settlement between companies. Using the service, buyers and sellers can:  Exchange purchase orders, invoices and payments — all in a fast, secure, electronic environment Lower processing costs Receive richer remittance advice Reduce fraud risk Track and trace transactions Speed reconciliation and dispute resolution  In joining forces with First Data – a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions – to bring AribaPay to Europe and Latin America, SAP intends not only to help companies digitize payments but also to fuel a simpler, more efficient and more effective reconciliation process that creates real business value across the enterprise. “Trillions of dollars in transactions around the world run through First Data and our Ariba Network,” said Bill McDermott, CEO, SAP. “I’m very proud to stand with Frank Bisignano and his team at First Data to fundamentally transform the way commerce is conducted between companies with AribaPay. Together we’re committed to bringing speed, transparency and simplicity to unleash the full promise of business networks in the digital economy.” More than US$40 billion in B2B payments have been made using AribaPay to date. To learn more about the service and the value it can deliver for your organization, visit www.aribapay.com. About First Data First Data is a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions, serving approximately 6 million business locations and 4,000 financial institutions in 118 countries around the world. The company’s 23,000 owner-associates are dedicated to helping companies, from start-ups to the world’s largest corporations, conduct commerce every day by securing and processing more than 2,300 transactions per second and $1.9 trillion per year. About Ariba Ariba is the world’s business commerce network. Under the Ariba brand, we offer industry-leading cloud-based applications with the world’s largest Internet-based trading community to help companies discover and collaborate with a global network of partners. Using the Ariba Network, businesses of all sizes can connect to their trading partners anywhere, at any time from any application or device to buy, sell and manage their cash more efficiently and effectively than ever before. Companies around the world use the Ariba Network to simplify interenterprise commerce and enhance the results that they deliver. Join them at: www.ariba.com About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Karen Master, SAP, +1 (412) 297-8177, karen.master@sap.com SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Liidia Liuksila, First Data Media Relations, +1 (212) 515-0174, liidia.liuksila@firstdata.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
Airbus Defence &amp; Space Optronics Goes Live with SAP S/4HANA as Its Digital Core
January 21, 2016 by SAP News
