HANOVER — This year, the SAP University Alliances program will again host the SAP InnoJam event during the 2015 CeBIT trade fair. Held March 17-18, the competition gives more than 70 students from around the world the opportunity to experience innovative technologies from SAP SE (NYSE: SAP). Organized into teams, the students will develop prototypes based on SAP HANA Cloud Platform for real-life business scenarios and then present these to a panel of experts. The winning team with the most convincing innovation will receive attractive prizes and the opportunity to showcase its ideas before a live audience at CeBIT. The awards ceremony will take place on March 19 at 12:15 p.m. CET. The participants this year will have 32 hours to develop apps for smart cities. From solutions for smart buildings, smart campuses and smart traffic to apps for smart homes, new ideas are sought for improving quality of life through technical innovation. Highlights from the first design thinking sessions through to the finished result will be broadcast live during the event. SAP InnoJam is aimed at students of computer science, digital media, mathematics or similar disciplines who want to put their theoretical knowledge into practice. Under the guidance of SAP experts and mentors, the participants gain hands-on experience with the latest SAP technologies such as SAP HANA Cloud Platform, the SAP HANA platform and UI development toolkit for HTML5 (SAPUI5). This year, students from 15 countries — Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, China, France, Germany, India, the Netherlands, Poland, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Tunisia, United Kingdom and United Arab Emirates —  qualified to take part, including 14 students from China, the CeBIT partner country for 2015. “The goal of the SAP InnoJam is to give students a new perspective on innovative information technologies,” said Ann Rosenberg, vice president and global head of SAP University Alliances. “As every year, students from all over the world have a chance to present their ideas at one of the most important IT industry events. But it’s not exclusively a performance show, it’s about solutions that deliver real value to society.” To learn more, visit the SAP CeBIT page at www.sap-cebit.de/en. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews, @sapcebit and @sap_ua and with the hashtags #SAP, #CeBIT15, #innojam and #sapinnojam. Media Contact: Dana Roesiger, +49 62277 63900, dana.roesiger@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
Alphamatic Simplifies Commerce Through Ariba
March 16, 2015 by SAP News
