WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that due to high demand it will repeat its 2014 course “Sustainability and Business Innovation” through the openSAP platform. The course will be held September 9 through October 29. Last year, over 13,000 attendees from 45 countries took part in the free online course. During the course, experts share key lessons learned during the sustainability and innovation journeys SAP and its customers have made, including how companies drive significant business value from acting in an environmentally and socially responsible way. The course covers best practices in sustainability, including strategy and business cases, business processes, stakeholder engagement and reporting. The course will again be delivered by Dr. Peter Graf, former chief sustainability officer (CSO) of SAP. The course’s online forum gives participants the chance to meet Daniel Schmid, SAP’s current CSO, and the sustainability team, both of whom will answer participants’ questions. Daniel Schmid has headed the sustainability operations team since 2008 and was deeply involved in the preparation of the 2014 sustainability course. The duration of “Sustainability and Business Innovation” is six weeks. An effort of approximately four hours per week can be expected to cover course content and complete weekly assignments. Those who enroll for the course can access the online learning platform and learning modules from any computer or mobile device that has an Internet connection. It is beneficial but not essential to bring basic business and IT knowledge to the class. Successful participants will receive a record of achievement or a confirmation of participation, depending on the number of credit points they achieve for the weekly assignment work and final exam. As a continuation of this basic course, SAP will offer a new, advanced sustainability course through the openSAP platform slated to start early in the second quarter of 2016. Information on courses provided on openSAP can be found here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Bettina Wunderle, +49 7544 970 538, bettina.wunderle@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
New Application from SAP Helps Screen and Protect Business Networks from Risk
September 3, 2015 by SAP News
