SAP Cited as a Leader for CRM in Independent Research Firm Report
March 30, 2015 by SAP News
LAS VEGAS — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) has been named a leader by Forrester Research in the recent report “The Forrester Wave™: CRM Suites for Large Organizations, Q1 2015.” The SAP Customer Relationship Management (SAP CRM) application and the SAP Cloud for Customer solution were both cited among the most significant CRM suite solutions on the market. SAP announced the findings at CRM 2015, being held March 30 – April 1 in Las Vegas. A key takeaway from Forrester’s findings is that CRM provides the cornerstone of a great customer experience. According to Forrester, “The only source of competitive advantage is an obsession with understanding, delighting, connecting with, and serving customers. CRM is crucial to this success, but can only be successful if the foundations for sales, marketing, and service processes and technology are solid.” Each leader identified in the report was selected based on meeting the following criteria: sells a multifunctional CRM applications suite, offers a CRM application with common services, has a solution suitable for large organizations with complex requirements, provides a solution targeted to multiple industries and has a product now in general release and in use by customers. “I believe that SAP’s inclusion in this report and merit as a leader demonstrates the strength of our CRM offerings, both in the cloud and on premise,” said Jamie Anderson, senior vice president, Marketing, SAP hybris Customer Engagement and Commerce. “The nature of CRM technology continues to evolve, and I feel that this report substantiates our vision to help our customers move beyond CRM and into the age of customer engagement.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Janice Tsoules, +1 (650) 223-4817, janice.tsoules@sap.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
