April 28, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) will donate EUR 100,000 through the SAP Foundation to aid immediate relief efforts for the thousands of victims of the disastrous earthquake in Nepal. This donation will support the German Red Cross, which has sent aircraft with 60 tons of relief supplies, including family tents, blankets, hygiene kits, cooking sets and water canisters, as well as a drinking water treatment plant to Nepal. In the aftermath of the 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal’s Kathmandu Valley, the humanitarian and relief needs in the country are enormous. According to the UN, 8 million people have been affected by the earthquake and 1.4 million require basic aid for food and shelter. The death toll has risen above 4,600 while the region continues to experience aftershocks. More than 1,500 Red Cross volunteers and 300 staff have been working relentlessly to provide life-saving efforts, first aid to the injured and psychological support, as well as relief in evacuation centers and to those earthquake victims seeking safety in the streets. The humanitarian situation in towns and villages closer to the epicenter of the quake is of major concern. With its narrow, steep mountain roads, traversing the terrain in this rural region is challenging even in normal times. But rain, damaged roads and landslides following the earthquake and aftershocks have increased the logistical difficulties. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Dana Roesiger, +49 (6227) 7-63900, dana.roesiger@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Runs Simple with Service &amp; Support
