WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced security and edge technology partnerships for the Internet of Things (IoT) with industry-leading IoT security companies. The partnerships aim to accelerate the delivery of end-to-end secure IoT solutions that are intended to leverage SAP HANA Cloud Platform for the Internet of Things. As the overall security resiliency of any IoT solution is the strength of its weakest link, the need for an end-to-end security solution is increasing. SAP’s history of technology leadership, openness and commitment to its partner ecosystem enables it to bring together innovative and market-leading IoT security companies to jointly define and establish an end-to end IoT security offering that intends to address the growing security challenges customers are facing. “Any scalable and significant IoT offering requires an end-to-end security solution — from the edge devices and sensors, through the routers and network gear, to the back-end data center and data pools, to the applications, and back to mobile devices, analytics tools and an endless number of interfaces,” said Tanja Rueckert, executive vice president, IoT &amp; Customer Innovation, SAP. “SAP is leading the industry by co-innovating with its customers and partners to address IoT security challenges. As our customers’ needs and demands are on the rise, we are more committed to IoT security and driving innovation in this space.” To provide planned end-to-end secure IoT solutions, SAP intends to work with leading IoT security companies:  azeti Networks AG offers a remote IoT monitoring and management application that is planned to be integrated with SAP solutions for the IoT to provide improved operational insights. Combined with azeti’s secure remote actions, the planned joint solution aims to enable enterprises to operate their remote assets securely. Certified Security Solutions (CSS) provides secure identity and validated data transfer between IoT end points and enterprise business systems. The VerdeTTo IoT Identity Platform is a secure and scalable cloud-based solution that creates and manages digital identities used for device authentication, data encryption and secure communication, which is planned to be integrated with SAP HANA Cloud Platform for the IoT and SAP solutions for the IoT. Check Point Software Technologies offers a security architecture with the best malware catch rate in the market. The planned integration of the Check Point IoT solution with SAP HANA Cloud Platform for the IoT intends to allow customers to address the challenges of the IoT, security, scalability and performance. Intel provides an end-to-end reference model and family of products that integrate with SAP HANA Cloud Platform for the IoT to create a foundation for seamlessly and securely connecting devices to deliver trusted data to the cloud and value through analytics.  “With billions of devices connecting to the cloud as part of IoT solutions, it is critical to integrate security in the hardware and the software at the onset, from the smallest thing at the edge of the IoT to the most advanced server in the data center and all the devices in between,” said Rose Schooler, general manager and vice president of Intel’s IoT Strategy and Technology Office. “We have collaborated with SAP to deploy a secure and scalable solution based on the Intel IoT platform reference architecture and portfolio of products that provide hardware- and software-enforced integrity and data privacy.” SAP will also partner with Panoramic Power, a device-level IoT energy management solution provider. With the planned integration of Panoramic Power’s wireless and self-powered sensors with SAP solutions for the IoT and SAP HANA Cloud Platform for the IoT, customers can gain new insights on how to best align their financial, operational and energy objectives using predictive and analytical tools that are intended to enable them to take corrective action on the critical systems running their business. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Susan Miller SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
New Study by Technical University of Munich and SAP Uncovers Prevalence of Digital Skills Gap
December 3, 2015 by SAP News
