WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced for the third consecutive year it received a perfect score of 100 percent on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2016 Corporate Equality Index (CEI), a national benchmarking survey and report on corporate policies and practices related to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) workplace equality. “This achievement demonstrates the continuing SAP commitment to diversity and equality in our workplace,” said Jenny Dearborn, chief learning officer and executive sponsor of Pride@SAP. “While we are pleased to earn top marks in this nationwide benchmark, diversity is global matter at SAP and it is a business imperative to push for equality around the world. Our sustained achievement in the HRC CEI certainly makes me feel proud to work at SAP.” The Human Rights Campaign is America’s largest civil rights organization working to achieve lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality. The CEI rated 1,024 businesses in the report, which evaluates LGBT-related policies and practices including nondiscrimination workplace protections, domestic partner benefits, transgender-inclusive healthcare benefits, competency programs and public engagement with the LGBT community. SAP efforts in satisfying all of the CEI’s criteria resulted in a 100 percent ranking and the designation as a “Best Place to Work for LGBT Equality.” “This year also marks the first year of SAP participation in the annual San Francisco Pride Parade where as the SAP grand marshal I was joined by more than 300 colleagues, family and friends,” said Dearborn. “While we were celebrating San Francisco Pride, SAP also marched in the Christopher Street Day Parade in Berlin. In addition, Pride@SAP has programs elsewhere in Europe including Spain and Scandinavia and has just welcomed a new chapter in the Netherlands. We are also proud to celebrate a vibrant and strong community in South America in chapters in Brazil and Argentina.” For more information on the 2016 Corporate Equality Index, or to download a free copy of the report, visit www.hrc.org/campaigns/corporate-equality-index. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Jason Grosse, +1 (415) 694-8554, jason.grosse@sap.com, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
Next Generation Product Lifecycle Management
December 3, 2015 by Bonnie D. Graham
