November 10, 2015 by SAP News
NEW YORK — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the opportunity to run the SAP Business One Cloud solution powered by the SAP HANA platform at data centers run by SAP. Deployment services are provided that address the preferences of small and midsize enterprises (SMEs) specific to holistic enterprise resource planning (ERP) software for reduced up-front costs and minimal IT overhead. The announcement was made at the SAP SME Summit being held in New York City on Nov. 10, 2015. As more and more customers look to deploy SAP Business One Cloud to run simply, the new services offering provides partners with more choices for deployment and swift access to SAP HANA, the in-memory computing platform. Along with SAP’s announcement today that there are now 50,000 customers of the SAP Business One application, this new deployment option extends SAP’s dedication to helping SMEs succeed and grow in the digital economy. Taking advantage of this offer from SAP, partners can help SME customers benefit from streamlined operations. The offering will be available first in North America, with expansion planned to Europe and Asia in 2016. Further enhancing the SAP Business One Cloud solution released in 2012, SAP intends to increase value for partners and customers with the option of operating the solution in data centers run by SAP to facilitate the move to the cloud. The new services offering for deploying SAP Business One Cloud comes with a range of complementary services, such as backup and restore, disaster recovery and platform maintenance. Partners will now have three deployment options for the subscription-based offering of SAP Business One Cloud: to run in a partner’s private hosted cloud, in a cloud infrastructure hosted by a third party or in data centers run by SAP. Regardless of the type of cloud deployment selected, customers can access SAP software quickly and easily, whether for software acquisition or ongoing support. Services provided by partners enable customers to benefit rapidly from the latest innovative SAP technologies with a cost-effective, on-demand, cloud-based delivery model of SAP software solutions. Partners often supplement these services with application migration, implementation, management and support services that can lead to greater agility and competitive advantage for customers. “We felt compelled to offer partners the option to run the SAP Business One application in the cloud,” said Luis Murguia, senior vice president and general manager, SAP Business One, SAP SE. “This provides an end-to-end SAP-branded experience that is simple to use, is cost-effective, and leverages the capabilities of SAP HANA.” SAP Business One Cloud is suitable for small and growing companies who seek to implement their first holistic ERP software. It is also well-suited for affiliates of large enterprises, who require the agility and flexibility to adapt to larger corporate structures. The SAP Business One Cloud solution is Web-based and offers the same functionality as the on-premise version. Customers gain the benefits of running the software in real time from anywhere while supporting critical business processes ranging from finance and accounting to sales and inventory. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews, @SAPSmallBiz and @SAPMidsize. Media Contacts: Angelika Merz, +41 (58) 871-7216, angelika.merz@sap.com, CET Nate Hubbell, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0531, nate.hubbell@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Delivers Massive Wave of Innovation for SAP S/4HANA
