WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Stefan Ries and Steve Singh will become the newest members of the Executive Board of SAP SE as of April 1, 2016. Stefan Ries will continue in his role as chief human resources officer and also take on the position of SAP labor relations director. Steve Singh will remain head of the business network group within SAP, consisting of SAP Ariba,* SAP Fieldglass* and Concur. He will continue as CEO of Concur, which was acquired by SAP in 2014. “Stefan Ries and Steve Singh are very experienced leaders,” said Bill McDermott, CEO of SAP. “SAP will benefit greatly from their expertise, and I’m looking forward to working closely with them in their new roles.” Stefan Ries was appointed to the Global Managing Board of SAP SE in May 2014. Between 2002 and 2010, he was responsible for various global HR functions, including the HR business partner organization. Steve Singh has served as CEO of Concur since 1996 and was named to the Global Managing Board of SAP SE in January 2015. Under his leadership, Concur has become the leader of the multibillion-dollar market for travel and expense (T&amp;E) management solutions. Before joining Concur, from 1993 to 1996 Steve was general manager at Symantec Corporation. Steve Singh began his career in technology with Apple Computer. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Nicola Leske, +49 (6227) 750852, nicola.leske@sap.com, CET Marcus Winkler, +49 (6227) 767497, marcus.winkler@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com * SAP Ariba and SAP Fieldglass are new brand names launched in January 2016 and are used here to mean the offerings, employees and business of acquired companies Ariba and Fieldglass, which continue to be our legal entities until integration with SAP is complete. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via SAP
SAP Presents Big Data Margin Assurance to Help Telecoms Increase Profits
February 22, 2016 by SAP News
