June 9, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Usha International Limited, one of India’s well-known consumer sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing companies, is using the SAP ERP powered by SAP HANA application. As a result of the deployment, reporting performance has become five times faster, allowing the company to analyze sales and pricing more quickly. This has contributed to significant savings in time and labor costs. Additionally, the company’s financial close processes have been accelerated. “With SAP ERP powered by SAP HANA, our ’maintain sales order’ report has seen the highest performance increase, improving by a factor of 1,480,” said Subodh Dubey, Group CIO, Usha International Limited. “This is going to save up to 100 individual working days each year and will give users more time to focus on other business activities.” In addition, faster purchase price simulations helped to improve gross margins. With SAP HANA, Usha has significantly improved its system performance in terms of data compression, data loads and query response times. This has helped to support better-informed decision making. In the future, Usha plans to integrate SAP BusinessObjects business intelligence solutions and, eventually, the SAP Business Planning and Consolidation application with its SAP Business Warehouse application environment. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Data Center Wins Datacentre Sustainability Award 2015
