SAP Wins IT Security Award
October 9, 2015 by SAP News
NUREMBERG — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) won an award for cloud security at the IT-Security Expo &amp; Congress “it-sa” held in Nuremberg, Germany, on October 6. The award, by IT Security magazine, was for SAP’s Security Configuration Compliance project, which helps increase the safety of cloud infrastructure. “We are honored that our security teams have won this award,” said Bernd Leukert, member of the Executive Board of SAP SE. “While security is a must in the digital economy, being recognized as a leader in this space reemphasizes our measures to protect SAP customers and ourselves.” SAP started the Security Configuration Compliance project to achieve transparency in data collection, reporting and the improvement of security parameters. The project helps ensure regular checking of defined security. The identified level of compliance is made transparent to responsible technical staff and to SAP’s cloud customers through a reporting dashboard. Since 2007, IT Security magazine has offered awards in the following categories: Management Security, Web/Internet Security, Cloud Security, Identity &amp; Access Management. SAP won an award in the Management Security category in 2014. The IT-Security Expo &amp; Congress is Europe’s largest IT security trade fair. The awards at this fair honor the most successful IT experts in the German-speaking region. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Hilmar Schepp, +49 622 77 46799, hilmar.schepp@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
