WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that leading online recruiter StepStone now runs its business on the SAP Business ByDesign solution. With the migration, the company successfully moved its business processes to the cloud. The move transformed a formerly fragmented software landscape – requiring multiple interactions between departments to progress from advertising an offer to providing services – into a simple, agile and unified system. Before implementation, StepStone’s software requirements were mapped through the use of SAP Cloud Applications Studio software, a solution that enables businesses to adapt and enhance the features of cloud solutions from SAP. With the implementation, StepStone aimed to achieve better data integrity and quality and to reduce administration overhead. The company needed stronger and faster connections between all work divisions – from approaching customers to finalizing and setting up services online. To this end, StepStone and SAP implemented a customized version of a cloud-based business management solution. Among the main reasons for choosing SAP Business ByDesign were its ability to deliver rapid integrated analytics and business reporting as well as the wish to advance the company’s digitization strategy. Founded in 1996, StepStone is a pioneer in online recruitment, with more than 40,000 customers today. The main requirement for the new solution was to evolve the conventional horizontal multipurpose solution into a specialized vertical solution. In Germany alone, StepStone contacts over 5,000 companies each day, offering job advertisements and other career-related services. With data on vacancies flowing in from social networks, company Web sites and other channels, the sales department required a 360-degree view of accounts, with all necessary sales information at their fingertips. With SAP Business ByDesign, contacting new and existing customers is now easier and faster. Due to higher operational efficiency, customer satisfaction has also increased. StepStone was able to implement a multichannel sales strategy. SAP hosts the customized solution in Germany, supporting an unlimited number of users without impeding the performance of the system. Online recruiting is a high-volume business, with up to 1,000 transactions per day between recruiters. An implementation with zero downtime and high reliability right from the start was therefore vital. The time-to-market from making an offer to publishing a vacancy was accelerated significantly, with the call agent now able upon order confirmation to provide instant access to the StepStone platform. “After implementing SAP Business ByDesign, we saw immediate effects,” said Ralf Baumann, chief executive officer, StepStone. “From sales processes and response times to user experience – everything has significantly improved. Just take our customer service. It is now able to serve our customers quicker and leaner than ever before and thus creates more turnover. SAP worked closely together with us to ensure the customized solution fits our needs seamlessly.” “A long-standing and trusted customer, StepStone knows it needs to run simple to run at its best,” said Michael Schmitt, general manager for SAP Business ByDesign, SAP. “We are excited to support the company’s digital journey with a customized SAP Business ByDesign solution.” Following the successful end-to-end rollout in Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany, StepStone is now preparing further rollouts in Austria, France and South Africa. Cloud solutions from SAP cover several business areas, including financials, HR management, sales and marketing, sourcing and purchasing, customer relationship management and supply chain management. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Angelika Merz, +41 (58) 871-7216, angelika.merz@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Enno Hennrichs, FleishmanHillard, +49 (89) 230 31-627, enno.hennrichs@fleishmaneurope.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
Partner Quotes: SAP HANA Vora Now Available
March 15, 2016 by SAP News
