April 23, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the release of the SAP ONE Support launchpad, a new central entry point to support services and learning modules, personalized for each user’s technology and product needs. The launchpad is the latest enhancement to the SAP ONE Support program, designed to deliver a consistent, end-to-end support experience for companies of all sizes and deployment environments, including on premise, cloud and hybrid. An important element in this harmonized experience is providing a central location where users can get access to all the support and materials they need. Previously, and especially if the user’s applications were deployed in a hybrid environment, accessing all service and support applications and information required working through multiple portals and access points. The new SAP ONE Support launchpad now provides a single user-centric support entry point for all SAP customers and partners and for all SAP solutions, whether deployed in on-premise, cloud, or hybrid environments. In addition to harmonizing support needs across all deployment environment types, the launchpad personalizes the support environment for each specific user by providing context-specific access to service and support applications immediately upon logging in. The launchpad provides a personalized experience for each user by taking into account several aspects of each user’s personal profile, usage history and business role. It then presents the information and application services through a state-of-the-art, intuitive user interface model. The new interface for the launchpad offers a global, fully integrated application and information search function so users can quickly find the information they need. The information appears in a customizable, tile-based display that provides at-a-glance functionality for users to see immediately the actions to take. “The SAP ONE Support launchpad is built based on three guiding principles – know me, guide me, help me – that let us provide a truly personalized support experience,” said Helmut Fieres, senior vice president, Service and Support Infrastructure, Global Service and Support, SAP. “We use personal user profiles and activity history to know and present what the users need most often. We guide the users with in-application support to help them grow their knowledge and capabilities, along with proactively offering help if their activity indicates they may need it.” “As our technology and application environment expands across on-premise and cloud solutions, the SAP One Support launchpad is a way for us to unify and simplify how we access the service and support applications, which our teams need to be effective,” said Mr. Pommer, E.ON Business Services GmbH. “In the context of optimizing our application portfolio, the SAP ONE Support launchpad’s proactive and personalized approach gives me the confidence that my teams are getting the right support required for their specific tasks.” The harmonized global search features of the new SAP ONE Support launchpad are available immediately for all S-users  and subscribers to maintenance services from SAP. The personalized tile-based user interface in the launchpad will be available beginning April 30, 2015, for users of the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service and solutions from SuccessFactors, an SAP company. Access to other products and deployment environments will be added to the SAP ONE Support launchpad later in 2015 and in early 2016. To learn more about the SAP ONE Support launchpad and the SAP ONE Support program, visit the SAP Service and Support Center at the SAPPHIRE NOW conference taking place May 5–7, 2015, at the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando, Florida. Find further information about support and maintenance from SAP at www.sapsupport.info. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, EST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
Latest Versions of SAP Transportation Management, SAP Extended Warehouse Management and SAP Event Management Now Available
