NEWTOWN SQUARE — SAP is the first technology company in the United States to be awarded the Economic Dividends for Gender Equality (EDGE) certificate in recognition for its commitment to gender equality in the workplace, SAP America, Inc., a subsidiary of SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) announced today. In an industry often cited for gender-imbalance, the certification highlights the priority SAP has placed on fostering a gender-balanced workplace. “This recognition shows how committed we are to making SAP more gender-equal,” said Jewell Parkinson, head of human resources, SAP North America. “Not only are we holding ourselves to the highest, most transparent international standards, but we’re creating a road map others in the industry can emulate.” Launched at the World Economic Forum in 2011, the EDGE certificate is the leading global standard and is recognized across all industries. SAP’s certification process began almost a year ago, and was awarded after a rigorous third-party review, in which company data and gender practices and policies were reviewed. “The EDGE certification is another testament to the fact that SAP North America is leading our industry and region on diversity and inclusion in the workplace,” said Jennifer Morgan, president, SAP North America. “To be the first EDGE-certified technology company in the United States is a tremendous honor. There remains much work left ahead of us on these important issues but this is an important affirmation of our strategy to set the standard globally on these issues.” At the end of 2015, women made up over 32 percent of the global workforce of SAP and held 23.6 percent of all leadership positions, a 4.2 percent increase from 2012. SAP has a board-level commitment to reach 25 percent women in leadership by 2017. In March 2015, SAP joined the World Bank Group partnership SheWorks, an initiative that brings together leading global companies to help advance women’s employment in the private sector. SAP North America also supports a number of nonprofits aimed at addressing the gender gap in technology. “The tech industry has long been exposed for its unimpressive record on gender equality. More often than not, their female talents have been acquired rather than developed in-house, with career perspectives that remained confined by stereotypical expectations around gender,” said Aniela Unguresan, co-founder, EDGE Certified Foundation. “Through their EDGE certification, SAP North America confirms that they are a trailblazer in attracting, promoting, retaining and motivating both male and female talents. By adopting such a strategic and structured approach to creating an inclusive workplace, SAP North America raises the bar for the entire industry and EDGE is proud to partner with them on this journey.” “SAP is committed to ensuring a gender-balanced environment,” said Anka Wittenberg, chief diversity and inclusion officer, SAP SE. “Greater diversity provides numerous benefits to the company and our employees, customers, partners and the bottom line. We know that companies are far more innovative and successful when they leverage diverse talent. We are proud of the strides we are making and hope to see other major players in the tech industry follow SAP’s lead.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About EDGE Certification EDGE is the leading global assessment methodology and business certification standard for gender equality. The EDGE assessment methodology was developed by the EDGE Certified Foundation and launched at the World Economic Forum in 2011. EDGE certification has been designed to help companies create an optimal workplace for women and men, and benefit from it. EDGE stands for Economic Dividends for Gender Equality and is distinguished by its rigor and focus on business impact. The methodology uses a business, rather than theoretical approach that incorporates benchmarking, metrics and accountability into the process. It assesses policies, practices and numbers across five different areas of analysis: equal pay for equivalent work, recruitment and promotion, leadership development training and mentoring, flexible working and company culture. EDGE certification has received the endorsement of business, government and academic leaders from around the world. For more information, visit www.edge-cert.org/ or follow us on Twitter: @EDGE_CERT About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Christopher Putvinski, SAP, +1 (610) 661-3652, christopher.putvinski@sap.com, ET Andy Kendzie, SAP, +1 (202) 312-3919, andy.kendzie@sap.com, ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Manuel Wachter, EDGE Certification, +41 41 530 11 49, manuel.wachter@edge-strategy.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals Expands to Include Continuous Performance Management
February 8, 2016 by SAP News
