SAP to Hire 1,200 Graduate Developers in 2015
September 28, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) plans to hire 1,200 graduate developers globally in 2015. To help ensure their efficient onboarding, the company is establishing an early talent program tailored to development needs. “At SAP, developers work in a very agile environment in so called sprint teams of 10,” said Stefan Ries, chief human resources officer. “They shape new ideas together, create, discuss, discard some, drive others in a common effort — all within one week. We consider them winners with a high aim for creativity, flexibility and team spirit.” The company develops in all of its more than 100 locations around the world, oftentimes on sensitive topics with high social impact. Current examples are the consolidation of cancer research with the help of the SAP HANA platform and the development of an app for easy and centralized refugee registration in Germany. The Products &amp; Innovation (P&amp;I) group at SAP focuses its hires on young developers from Germany, India, China, North America and Bulgaria. The company engages with the next-generation workforce through various early talent programs, as the “develop &amp;&amp; impact” program. To be launched the first week of October, it is intended to support new developers during their first year at SAP through tailored trainings, networking and mentoring opportunities. Likewise, the SAP University Alliances program prepares next-generation talent for the digital age. It scouts early talents through events like the SAP InnoJam, a 32-hour design thinking competition to further coding and data analytics skills. At the SAP InnoJam in Berlin, taking place now, early talents are working on challenges in the area of entertainment and higher education and research. The next SAP InnoJam event is taking place October 26-27 in Palo Alto, California. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Dana Rösiger, SAP SE, +49 160-90820259, dana.roesiger@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
