The Sweet Journey Continues for Royal Swaziland Sugar Driven by the SAP HANA Platform
August 10, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the Royal Swaziland Sugar Corporation (RSSC) selected SAP HANA as its platform of choice, pulling 23 separate systems together under one umbrella. As a major producer of sugar, comprising 66 percent of Swaziland’s output of the crop, RSSC implemented SAP Business Suite software and rapid-deployment solutions from SAP to address everything from its farm-to-factory supply chain, payroll, manufacturing processes and resource consumption. With more than 3,500 employees and managing in excess of 15,000 hectares of sugarcane, which results in a 2.3 million ton cane harvest, RSSC drives revenue of over EUR1 billion every year. SAP was able to meet RSSC’s requirements, delivering remarkable efficiencies and innovations. For example, the time to change resource targets such as water or fertilizer was reduced from weeks to mere hours. By unifying its IT environment into a single consolidated view, RSSC was able to enhance its reporting, analytics and prediction capabilities. This incredible impact has convinced RSSC of SAP software’s value, and it eagerly awaits the next game-changing solution. “We are confident that SAP will continue innovating and providing solutions for us,” said Rob Coombe, IT director at RSSC. “We are presently working closely with SAP Consulting and plan to deploy a large number of rapid-deployment solutions in the near future.” That work has since paid off. SAP worked with the RSSC steering committee to identify and implement 23 additional rapid-deployment solutions, powered by the SAP HANA platform. The implementation was accomplished within a 28-week period, and the first month saw more than 325,000 transactions completed. “At SAP, we know that solutions perform optimally when there is a strong partnership in place with our customers,” said Greg McStravick, global head of database and technology, SAP. “The rapid deployment of SAP solutions at RSSC resulted from the company’s careful planning and clear vision of growth and innovation.” After seeing impressive gains thanks to implementing SAP HANA, RSSC is looking confidently toward co-innovating with SAP to help address its ambitious long-term goals. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
