WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that independent analyst firm ARC Advisory Group has positioned SAP as the market leader in global trade management systems. The designation appeared in the ARC Advisory Group’s 2015 Global Trade Management Global Market Research Study – Market Analysis and Forecast through 2019, published July 2015. “SAP presents a strong value proposition for both CIOs and trade compliance/supply chain executives,” wrote Steve Clouther, vice president, enterprise applications, ARC Advisory Group, in the report. SAP was ranked as the number one supplier overall based on revenue in the last five versions of this report, as well as a leader in selected categories including:  Global trade management for trade compliance Tier 1 companies EMEA geographical region Aerospace and defense Chemical Machinery manufacturing Mining and metals Wholesale and distribution  “We believe that our investment in SAP Global Trade Services has helped us maintain consistent leadership in the global trade management market,” said Kevin McCollom, global vice president, Solutions for Governance, Risk and Compliance, SAP. “With our commitment to continuous innovation we are helping our customers automate and streamline their import and export processes. With recently announced capabilities offered for processing trade in China and foreign-trade zone operations in the United States, SAP Global Trade Services continues to keep pace with our customers’ evolving needs.” SAP’s global trade management application, SAP Global Trade Services (SAP GTS), supports export management, import management, screening and embargo, license and preference determination, foreign-trade zone and other special customs procedures. SAP GTS can be purchased as an end-to-end solution, or subsets of the software can be acquired independently according to customer requirements. With the latest version of SAP Global Trade Services, global trade management processes are now optimized to take advantage of the benefits of the SAP HANA platform. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Names New President to Head Latin America Organization
July 14, 2015 by SAP News
