June 11, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has retained its position as a leader in utilities customer information systems according to the recent Gartner, Inc. Magic Quadrant for Utilities Customer Information Systems.* This marks the 10th consecutive year that SAP has been named a leader in utilities customer information systems rankings by major analyst firms. “We believe the placement by Gartner reflects that SAP’s leadership in the utilities market continues to grow and that our recent innovations in the areas of cloud-based call center operations for residential as well as C&amp;I accounts along with multi-channel customer engagement solutions are being widely adopted,” said Henry Bailey global vice president, Utilities Business Unit, SAP. “We will continue to deliver innovations to maintain this leadership position.” SAP helps more than 4,200 utilities in 118 countries and 91 percent of utilities in the Forbes Global 2000 are SAP customers. SAP helps utilities run better by integrating energy supply chain processes, from procurement to consumption, providing real-time visibility of plant and performance and delivering a 360-degree view of their customers. SAP helps utilities customers:  Integrate supply chain processes and information from procurement to delivery to consumption Establish a single, real-time view of plant and business performance Implement smart meters and demand side management to optimize energy consumption Acquire a 360-degree, real-time customer view  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SAPIndustries. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, EDT *Gartner “Magic Quadrant for Utilities Customer Information Systems, 2015”, June 2, 2015, by Zarko Sumic Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Supports IT Education at Schools
