SAP HANA Named a Leader Among In-Memory Database Platforms by Independent Research Firm
August 5, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the company has been recognized as a leader among in-memory database platforms by Forrester Research, Inc. in a new report titled “The Forrester Wave™: In-Memory Database Platforms, Q3 2015” (August 2015). SAP was among a group of 11 select vendors that Forrester invited to participate in the independent report. The SAP HANA platform was positioned highest in the two of the three core categories Forrester used to evaluate vendors – current offering and strategy, and among the highest in the third category, market presence. SAP also achieved the highest scores among all vendors in 3 criteria, and among the highest scores in 10 criteria. “SAP’s razor-sharp focus on in-memory technology is paying off,” wrote Noel Yuhanna, Forrester’s principal analyst serving enterprise architecture professionals, in the report. Additional highlights of SAP’s ranking include:  SAP is the only company to earn a 5/5 score for vision SAP is the only company to receive a 5/5 score for data management features and transaction capabilities SAP also earned a 5/5 score for execution, market presence, customers, partners, revenue, performance and scaleand analytics support  “We believe that our latest position as a leader in the Forrester Wave™ further validates the strategic path we are pioneering for in-memory computing across the industry,” said Greg McStravick, global head of Database and Technology, SAP. “We are helping customers move away from point database solutions to a much more powerful in-memory platform, capable of running any analytical and transactional application in a single environment. Our commitment to delivering continuous innovation around the SAP HANA platform ensures we are helping customers succeed in today’s digital economy.” The number of customers transforming their business with SAP HANA is dramatically increasing. SAP HANA currently has more than 7,200 customers, doubling from only one year ago. SAP HANA Cloud Platform has quickly built momentum with more than 1,500 customers. Adoption of SAP HANA by startups has soared, with more than 2,100 using the SAP HANA platform today. In addition, there are more than 850,000 active users of SAP HANA. A complimentary copy of “The Forrester Wave™: In-Memory Database Platforms, Q3 2015” is available for download here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Scott Malinowski, +1 (617) 538-6297, scott.malinowski@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
