April 29, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) has transformed its service, support and custom development operations to help customers innovate faster and simplify their experience with SAP. The new, simplified portfolio of services, best practices, methods and tools focuses on outcome-based services. This provides a simple and flexible way to interact with SAP as a result of a clearly defined agreement framework. For example, now available are streamlined SAP contracts and pricing through a new set of global terms and conditions combined with a single order form. Through this new integrated approach, SAP provides a single service and support lead for most client engagements. The lead is responsible for driving the development of customer innovation road maps and facilitating solution engineering to ensure an all-inclusive proposal that draws on the full domain of SAP expertise. The Service &amp; Support organization helps customers reduce complexity and total cost of ownership and navigate rapidly changing technology and business demands. Tackling complexity, agility and speed of innovation are key factors in gaining competitive advantage when transforming to the digital economy. “We have simplified the way SAP approaches client engagements, ensuring a seamless customer experience focused on business outcomes,” said Michael Kleinemeier, member of the Global Managing Board of SAP SE. “We help our customers transition to the future and keep them ahead of the competition by making business models of the future a reality today.” A key component of this transformation is a new, unified client engagement model aimed at establishing long-term customer relationships based on driving continuous innovation. The maximum engagement level comes with the SAP MaxAttention offering designed for customers requiring a strategic partnership with SAP. SAP MaxAttention offers end-to-end customer engagement based on the features of the SAP solution portfolio and use of the SAP HANA platform leveraging SAP HANA Cloud Platform as an accelerator. SAP MaxAttention manages the lifecycle of SAP solutions, helps to mitigate risks related to IT transformation and supports continuous business improvements, co-innovation and co-engineering in order to reduce costs. The innovation framework provided by SAP MaxAttention includes innovation control, operation control and mission control centers. The innovation control center supports and demonstrates prototypes and new business models and processes. The operation control center supports business process operations as well as system operations by increasing end-user efficiency and simplifying software landscapes. The mission control center supports all engagements of SAP MaxAttention in order to address urgent needs. It also monitors all requests from engagement teams. “Complexity is inevitable with the continuing emergence of breakthrough technologies and rapidly shifting business demands,” said John Madden, practice lead, IT Services, OVUM. “To remain agile and competitive, customers are looking for a partner to help them navigate these seemingly daunting challenges with openness and custom attention, using solutions that best fit their individual needs.” Talk to Us Experience how Service &amp; Support helps address the challenge of complexity with simple solutions for a rapidly changing world. Visit the Service &amp; Support booth at the SAPPHIRE® NOW conference taking place at Orange County Convention Center, Orlando, Florida, May 5–7, 2015. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 291,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.  Photo: Shutterstock
SAP, the Americas’ SAP Users’ Group and Delaware State University Work Together to Support Historically Black Colleges and Universities
