WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the Top Employer Institute has officially awarded the exclusive Top Employer Europe certification to SAP for its exceptional employee offerings in 10 countries across Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). The annual international research undertaken by the Top Employers Institute recognizes leading employers around the world: those that provide excellent employee conditions, nurture and develop talent throughout all levels of the organization and which strive to continuously optimize employment practices. The 10 countries for which SAP was certified as a top employer include Belgium, France, Israel, Italy, Netherlands, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkey and the United Kingdom. In addition, two broader geographical areas of SAP were awarded the certification: Europe for achieving certification in six countries and the Middle East for its certification in three countries. “Creating a diverse and inclusive culture makes us a better company, fueling our innovation, enhancing our experience of work and enabling us to succeed in a rapidly changing world,” commented Nathalie Parent, senior vice president of human resources for SAP EMEA. “As companies undergo digital transformations, functions and processes, including HR, are being radically reinvented. And with that reinvention, HR will assume a new kind of leadership role, helping to shape the workforce of tomorrow.” Crucial to achieving the Top Employers Certification is the completion of a stringent research process and meeting the required standard. The Top Employers Institute assessed SAP employee offerings based on the following criteria:  Talent strategy Workforce planning On-boarding Learning and development Performance management Leadership development Career and succession management Compensation and benefits Culture  Dennis Utter, Global Business Director for the Top Employers Institute, observed, “Optimal employee conditions ensure that people can develop personally and professionally. Our comprehensive research concluded that SAP provides an outstanding employment environment and offers a wide range of creative initiatives, from secondary benefits and working conditions, to performance-management programs that are well thought out and truly aligned with the culture of their company.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Melissa Joelson, +33 6 8361-1275 (CET), melissa.joelson@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
SAP Celebrates 1 Million Online Learning Enrollments on the openSAP Platform, Launches Three New Courses
February 11, 2016 by SAP News
