WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that respected human capital management (HCM) veteran Yvette Cameron will join the company’s SuccessFactors business as global vice president for strategy. In this new role, Cameron will help drive the visioning and long-term planning for the SAP SuccessFactors business. Cameron will report to Mike Ettling, president, SuccessFactors. Cameron brings nearly 30 years of experience in the HCM industry. She was most recently at Gartner Inc., where she served as research director, HCM Technologies. Prior to Gartner, she spent 14 years leading global HCM product strategy and marketing initiatives for SAP, Oracle, Saba, PeopleSoft, and JD Edwards. Her industry awards and recognition include HR Examiner’s “Top 175 Online Influencers 2012 — Pulse of HR,” Human Resource Executive’s “Tech’s Top 10” and The Huffington Post’s 2013 “Top 100 Most Social HR Experts on Twitter.” This year she was recognized by Glassdoor as one of the “2015 HR and Recruiting Thought Leaders to Follow.” “I am thrilled to have Yvette join our team,” said Ettling. “She brings a deep understanding of what customers are looking for today, along with her expert understanding of the capabilities of HR technology, and a vision for not only how HCM technologies and services are transforming the business of HR but also the way companies engage with their workforces, which is totally aligned with the direction we have embarked on at SuccessFactors.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Geraldine Lim, +1 (951) 318-3494, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Unveils New Solutions to Advance Personalized Medicine
December 8, 2015 by SAP News
