LAS VEGAS — The modern CFO performs a sophisticated balancing act every day. Moving from system to system, she keeps a close eye on cash operations, jumping between disparate sources of information in a continuous effort to pin down – and manage – her company’s current global bank balance. It’s necessary and it’s exhausting. But it doesn’t have to be. SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the general availability of a new application designed for the modern CFO: SAP Cash Management powered by SAP HANA. This application delivers drill-down analysis into global bank balances and cash positions in real time, simplifying the work of finance professionals. It removes the need for system-hopping by facilitating dynamic liquidity forecasting, including cash flow analysis, and enabling treasurers to take immediate action with integrated bank account management. The announcement was made at Financials 2015, being held March 17–20 in Las Vegas. “Managing cash flow is a matter of confidence and trust. With the launch of SAP Cash Management powered by SAP HANA, SAP shows the importance of real-time insight and intuitive design in a very sensitive area of finance,” said Thack Brown, general manager and global head of Line-of-Business Finance at SAP. “This application is part of an important, integrated set of treasury applications from SAP, wherein we deliver immediate in-memory-driven insight to the discerning CFO.” Following the introduction of SAP Simple Finance, a set of solutions to bring the simplicity of SAP Cloud powered by SAP HANA to finance departments worldwide, this new release is another example of SAP’s journey toward the future of finance. Fully built on the SAP HANA platform, the new application integrates all treasury data on one platform and is the most recent innovative offering based on the simplified structure of the SAP ERP application to be made available. SAP Cash Management powered by SAP HANA can be implemented as a component of SAP Simple Finance, either on premise or in the cloud. Key functionality includes:  Centralized cash management: A CFO’s duties touch all parts of the business, but the day-to-day management of the corporation’s working capital cash is crucial for efficient operations. The new cash management application monitors incoming bank statements and prepares a daily forecast of cash receipts, disbursements and expected closing balances, eliminating the need for batch reporting. The system continuously oversees bank risk while initiating bank transfers and payments and approving and monitoring payments, simplifying dozens of processes at once. Centralized bank account management and liquidity forecasting: Further addressing the roles of the CFO office, SAP Cash Management powered by SAP HANA manages bank accounts from a single integrated platform, maintaining the approval process for bank account opening, adjustment and closing, and providing navigation to cash position and bank statement monitoring reports. In addition, a planned update for liquidity forecasting is aimed to extend to integration of operational data and the availability of tools for optimizing cash investment and borrowing while safeguarding company liquidity.  “This application has the potential to improve planning accuracy and to optimize our processes in the treasury department,” said Patrick Spendler, director of treasury, BSH Hausgeräte GmbH. “The results we have seen are very compelling, and we’re looking forward to our continued collaboration with SAP.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Janice Tsoules, +1 (650) 223-4817, janice.tsoules@sap.com, EDT Adam Novak, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502 4326, anovak@pancomm.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Opens HanaHaus, a New Cafe and Community Workspace in Palo Alto
March 17, 2015 by SAP News
