April 28, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the 9.2 versions of the SAP Transportation Management (SAP TM), SAP Extended Warehouse Management (SAP EWM) and SAP Event Management applications are now generally available. These releases advance the continuous innovation of all software components of the supply chain execution platform. SAP TM, SAP EWM and SAP Event Management enable manufacturers, freight forwarders, carriers and retailers to make informed decisions that help balance customer service and delivery costs. Companies can align integrated distribution and fulfillment processes for greater speed, efficiency and sustainability and track the deliveries with a connected logistics network. The applications allow companies to manage their end-to-end logistics and order fulfillment processes with complete visibility, improved compliance and flexibility while maximizing available resources and decreasing logistics costs. With the latest versions of SAP TM and SAP Event Management, all applications supporting logistics and order fulfillment are now optimized to take greater advantage of the benefits of the SAP HANA platform. They support new content for SAP HANA Live offerings and the SAP Smart Business cockpit so transportation managers can identify and correct issues before they escalate and keep track of their freight order executions. Additional innovations of SAP TM include fleet optimization through manual planning with Gantt Charts and complete batch billing and invoicing features. With SAP Extended Warehouse Management, SAP continues to deliver state-of-the-art warehouse management innovations. With a new easy-to-use user interface, the application simplifies material flow and provides enhanced support for production warehousing, including staging, consumption and receipts. Enhanced material flow system control functionality supports multi-deep storage. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SCMatSAP. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Unveils SAP Sports One Solution for Soccer
