May 21, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — Global businesses are always on the lookout for new and innovative ways to manage their people processes, and the cloud has increasingly become a strategic technology to enable simplification and success. Many are turning to SuccessFactors, an SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) company, for its cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions. The cloud leader is broadening its command in the marketplace with new U.S.-based customers signing on in recent months. As the world’s leading global manufacturer of home appliances, Whirlpool Corporation serves more than 170 countries and encompasses 100,000 employees and 70 manufacturing and technology research centers worldwide. Seeking to create the foundation needed to consistently deliver strong HR strategic business solutions, the Michigan-based company decided to implement the SuccessFactors HCM Suite including the SuccessFactors Employee Central solution. “We create products and solutions that improve the lives of people,” said Dave Binkley, senior vice president, Global Human Resources, Whirlpool. “We became the industry leader by engaging, recruiting and retaining talented people who believe in making a difference. With SuccessFactors, Whirlpool expects to simplify how HR delivers strategic solutions via an efficient service delivery model, which supports our focus on people excellence and maintaining a highly engaged, top-performing organization.” With 12,000 employees serving customers in more than 100 countries, CommScope Inc. was searching for a single integrated HCM platform. Headquartered in North Carolina and an industry leader in the communications infrastructure industry, the company selected the SuccessFactors Employee Central solution and expanded its initial SuccessFactors footprint of 5,000 full-time employees to its entire employee population of 12,000. “With SuccessFactors, CommScope will be able to efficiently integrate acquired companies, automate manual processes and manage employee data with higher accuracy,” said Joanne Townsend, senior vice president, Human Resources, CommScope. “Our size, reach, operational precision and personnel power our advances into new forms of communication, and SuccessFactors will help manage our talent and thus enable us to remain at the forefront of the telecommunications technology evolution.” GROWMARK Inc. is a regional cooperative providing agronomy, energy, facility planning, logistics products and services, grain marketing and risk management services in more than 40 states and Ontario, Canada. The company, headquartered in Illinois, selected SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA software to replace its legacy systems, and it will deploy the entire cloud HCM suite from SAP including the SuccessFactors Employee Central Payroll and SuccessFactors Talent solutions. “Integrity in all of our business practices is paramount to our success,” said Keith Milburn, CIO, GROWMARK. “We employ and continually train personnel who deliver solutions for customers, focusing on product and service recommendations that meet their unique needs. These investments will position GROWMARK for the future and provide innovation, technology and efficiency to our customers and employees.” Headquartered in Illinois, SRAM is a bicycle component manufacturer dedicated to incremental enhancements, perpetual improvements and revolutionary innovation. With 3,600 employees and 20 locations on six continents, SRAM selected the SuccessFactors HCM Suite including the SuccessFactors Employee Central, SuccessFactors Workforce Analytics and SuccessFactors Workforce Planning solutions over Workday to improve global HR service delivery, visibility and communication for its employees. “We deploy technological and engineering advancements that inspire cyclists and expand the potential of cycling,” said Scott Tawse, global IT director, SRAM. “SuccessFactors is expected to provide SRAM with efficiencies through identifying and aligning top talent, developing and rewarding top performers, and providing visibility for organizational growth and future innovations.” “Companies across the globe are looking for ways to out-innovate their competitors and drive their businesses forward,” said Mike Ettling, president of the HR Line of Business, SuccessFactors. “To address challenges today and retain competitive advantages tomorrow, they need to align their people with their business strategy, and adopting technology in the cloud is a key way they are addressing the rapid pace of change in the market today. In an increasingly globalized, hyper-connected world, companies are looking for simplification and standardization. And they are looking for solutions that help them attract and retain the best people, engaging them with modern, mobile applications that encourage collaboration and support a modern experience in learning to keep up with the rapid pace of change today. We believe this is why top companies of all sizes are choosing our industry-leading cloud applications.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 291,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Geraldine Lim, +1 (951) 318-3494, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PDT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Adam Novak, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502-4300, sap@pancomm.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
BILT Mobile App Wins Appy Award
