SAN FRANCISCO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and the San Francisco Bay Area Super Bowl 50 Host Committee have taken the Super Bowl 50 volunteer team program mobile with the launch of the SB50 Host Committee Volunteers mobile app. Powered by SAP HANA and created in partnership with SAP, the SB50 Host Committee Volunteers mobile app will help ensure a more effective and connected experience for the 5,000 volunteers on site during Super Bowl week. As a founding partner of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee, SAP is using its best-in-class solutions to help the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee to Run Simple. “The SB50 Host Committee Volunteers mobile app will be the go-to tool that ensures our volunteer team is connected, supported and engaged,” said Keith Bruce, CEO of the Host Committee. “Through our partnership with SAP, we are able to leverage technology that not only provides a powerful solution for our operations but also gives us unique insights to provide the best experience possible for our volunteers.” Using the app, Host Committee volunteers can manage schedules, participate in virtual training, access local maps and event information for out-of-town guests and communicate with other volunteers. Most important, the app allows the Host Committee to communicate in real time with volunteers. Additionally, real-time beacon technology will provide opportunities to adjust staffing based on location activity and demand. “Leveraging the power of our in-memory database, SAP HANA, the Host Committee and its volunteer team will be better prepared and connected to provide a positive experience for the millions of fans descending on the Bay Area for Super Bowl 50,” said Sam Yen, chief design officer, SAP. “SAP HANA will play a significant role in our presence throughout the Super Bowl, helping to simplify operations and ultimately enhance the fan experience.” The Host Committee volunteer team is group of 5,000 people who will welcome guests to the Bay Area and provide them with a helping hand during Super Bowl Week. Host Committee volunteers are key ambassadors for both Super Bowl 50 and the San Francisco Bay Area, and reflect the tremendous diversity, spirit and character that the region is known for. Super Bowl 50 will be celebrated in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2016. The Super Bowl 50 game will be played at Levi’s® Stadium in Santa Clara — home of the San Francisco 49ers — on February 7, 2016. The first Super Bowl was played in California in 1967 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, and now the Super Bowl returns to California to celebrate its golden moment with the 50th playing of the Super Bowl in the Golden State. About the San Francisco Bay Area Super Bowl 50 Host Committee Working in partnership with Bay Area public officials and the NFL, the San Francisco Bay Area Super Bowl 50 Host Committee is responsible for Super Bowl 50 and its celebration elements, including public exhibits, planning of game day logistics and Super Bowl City, its fan village in San Francisco. The Host Committee will donate 25 percent of every dollar raised to Bay Area community initiatives and high-performing nonprofits through 50 Fund. To be hosted in the state-of-the-art Levi’s® Stadium in Santa Clara in 2016, Super Bowl 50 will be celebrated through a series of events that showcase all the Bay Area has to offer. For more information, visit www.sfbaysuperbowl.com. Follow the San Francisco Bay Area Super Bowl 50 Host Committee:  Online at www.sfbaysuperbowl.com Facebook at www.facebook.com/superbowl50 Twitter at www.twitter.com/superbowl50  About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Follow SAP Sports:  Online at www.sapsponsorships.com Facebook at www.facebook.com/sapsports Twitter at https://twitter.com/sapsports  Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Bonnie Rothenstein, SAP, +1 (610) 661-8867, bonnie.rothenstein@sap.com SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Stephanie Martin, Host Committee, +1 (415) 565-9234, stephanie@sfsuperbowl.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP First Technology Company in United States to Receive Gender Equality Certification
January 26, 2016 by SAP News
