SAP Powers Smart City Forum at New Mobility World, IAA 2015, Frankfurt
September 16, 2015 by SAP News
FRANKFURT — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) will showcase new technology, applications and software to run the next generation of smart cities and drive urban mobility at the International Motor Show (IAA) in Germany from September 16–27 in Frankfurt. “We are focused on creating intelligent, open and flexible solutions that foster the urban ecosystems in which we live and work,” said Dr. Jürgen Müller, head of Innovation Center Network, SAP SE. “As cities grow fast and face challenges in terms of resources and infrastructure, they need transparent, collaborative and innovative technology to help them prosper.” SAP will present the following innovations at IAA’s New Mobility World exhibition. Through demonstration pods and a stage program, participants will be able to see how cities use SAP technology to become smarter. CityApp This solution features crowdsourcing functionality that lets citizens report defects and damage in their immediate vicinity. Algorithms assimilate these reports with data, such as traffic density within that city sector, which can result in optimized city administration. SAP presents project “CityApp” in cooperation with the city of Nuremberg. Smart Traffic Control Used by the city of Darmstadt in Germany, this technology shows how Big Data-driven insights based on real-time traffic conditions and predictive analytics can help cities run smarter. Smart traffic control shows how optimized traffic light controls and additional car lanes help avoid rush-hour traffic congestion. Congestion indexes and speed controls based on data from RFID, GPS, camera and induction loop technologies provide pictures of real-time traffic issues and compare conditions with other cities and city sectors. Origin-destination analysis compares travel behaviors between city sectors, areas, streets and multimodal travel. TwoGo Mobile App The TwoGo mobile app by SAP shows how software can help users share rides, thereby helping enterprises, employees, institutions and local authorities save time and money. SAP Vehicle Insights Application This analytics cloud application, also used by the city of Darmstadt, combines vehicular data with sensor data to provide actionable insight into driver behavior patterns and driver efficiency. The software helps logistics and mobility services monitor live vehicle conditions and manage within constraints imposed by pollution and traffic congestion. The application helps fleet operators manage their fleets optimally. “With the growing number of connected vehicles, broader use of sensors and even autonomous driving on the near horizon, there is a serious opportunity to transform cities, industries and businesses,” said Stephan Brand, vice president, Products &amp; Innovation at SAP. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Hilmar Schepp, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-46799, hilmar.schepp@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
