BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the latest version of the SAP Hybris Billing solution to help communications service providers (CSPs) bring services to market faster. In today’s rapidly changing markets, CSPs must focus on multiple fronts — improving operations and reducing costs, while finding growth in new opportunities. In order to help telcos with those objectives, the new version of SAP Hybris Billing boasts improved online charging system (OCS) performance and scalability, improved revenue management and simulation features, and new integration points into SAP Hybris solutions. The announcement was made at Mobile World Congress, being held February 22–25 in Barcelona, Spain. Digital services are set to grow 30 percent (compound annual growth) worldwide through 2017,* while traditional services will remain flat. In many markets, including Europe, there is already a negative trend. Telcos look to SAP for help monetizing all types of services, from mobile phone plans to running an app store. SAP can bring it all together on a single contract and help operators get a complete view of their customer. “In this era of digital disruption, we find that our customers are struggling to make the shift from communications service provider to digital service provider,” said Stephan Gatien, global vice president, Telecommunications Industry Business, SAP. “Providing excellent customer engagement is a key differentiator for leading telcos, and a flexible, powerful, easy-to-use billing solution is the foundation of the customer relationship. SAP Hybris Billing provides the flexibility and ease of use that allows our customers to quickly and easily manage all aspects of customer billing and engagement.” The strategy for SAP Hybris Billing has been to extend and integrate the SAP Hybris solution portfolio, automating the omnichannel commerce experience from retail to service consumption. SAP will demonstrate the new solution at Mobile World Congress in Hall 3, Stand 3M41. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @sap_telco. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, ET *From CSP to Digital Service Provider: Revenue Management’s Role (IHS Infonetics Webinar, 2015); Digital Transformation for Communications Service Providers (Gartner Research Roundup, April 2015) Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
New SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation Accelerates Customers’ Journeys to Becoming Digital Enterprises
February 23, 2016 by SAP News
