May 4, 2015 by SAP News
ORLANDO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) invites press, bloggers and analysts to attend its press conference at SAPPHIRE NOW, being held May 5 -7 in Orlando. SAP Executive Q&amp;A with Bill McDermott, CEO and member of the Executive Board Tuesday, May 5: 11:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. – 6:00 p.m. CET The session will be broadcast on the Media and Analyst channel at www.sapphirenow.com/live. Questions can be sent to press@sap.com. Replay information will be available on the SAP News Center. In addition, SAP will host a conference for financial analysts and investors. SAP Financial Analyst and Investor Conference Tuesday, May 5: 1:00 p.m. – 3:00 p.m. EDT / 7:00 p.m. – 9:00 p.m. CET The webcast, both audio and video, will be available on the Media and Analyst channel at www.sapphire.com/live. Questions can be submitted to investor@sap.com. For announcements and other coverage during the event, visit the SAP News Center. Follow on Twitter at @sapnews, @sapinvestor and @SAPPHIRENOW. Join the conversation with the hashtag #SAPPHIRENOW. On Tuesday, May 5, from 9:00 a.m. – 10:30 a.m. EDT, Bill McDermott, CEO and member of the SAP Executive Board, will present a keynote address. Bernd Leukert, member of the SAP Executive Board and Steve Singh, member of the SAP Global Managing Board, and CEO, Concur will present a keynote on Wednesday, May 6, from 8:30 a.m. – 10:30 a.m. EDT. Additionally, Dr. Hasso Plattner, chairman of the SAP Supervisory Board will present a keynote address on Thursday, May 7 from 10:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. EDT. SAP will host additional activities that will be available on the Media and Analyst channel at www.sapphirenow.com/live, including: How SAP is Accelerating Internet of Things Adoption for Customers Tuesday, May 5, 3:15 p.m. EDT – 4:15 p.m. EDT Executive Q&amp;A with Bernd Leukert, member of the SAP Executive Board and Steve Singh, member of the SAP Global Managing Board, and CEO, Concur Wednesday, May 6, 11:00 a.m. EDT – 12:00 p.m. EDT Big Data Accelerates the Fight Against Cancer Wednesday, May 6, 12:30 p.m. EDT – 1:30 p.m. EDT Customers Run Simple with SAP S/4HANA – the Next Generation Business Suite Wednesday, May 6, 3:30 p.m. EDT – 4:30 p.m. EDT Business Network: Digital Transformation Thursday, May 7, 8:30 a.m. EDT – 9:30 a.m. EDT Executive Q&amp;A with Dr. Hasso Plattner, chairman of the SAP Supervisory Board and Quentin Clark, chief technology officer Thursday, May 7, 12:00 p.m. EDT – 1:00 p.m. EDT Those unable to attend SAPPHIRE NOW in-person will be able to participate in the event online through an enhanced, interactive experience virtually. Visit www.sapphirenow.com/live. To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you also can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For more information, press only: Mat Small, +1 (510) 684-3552, m.small@sap.com, PDT For more information, financial community only: Scott Smith, +1 (650) 461-2905 , sco.smith@sap.com, PDT About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 291,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.
SAP Supports Immediate Relief Actions After Earthquake in Nepal
