April 13, 2016 by SAP News
WASHINGTON — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced its support and collaboration in the White House’s “Computer Science for All” initiative, committed to helping America’s young people develop the technology and business skills they need to succeed in the digital economy. The Computer Science for All initiative is aimed at students at levels K–12. This year’s participants, including SAP, were announced in a press release today from the White House, which hosted the sixth and final White House Science Fair of President Obama’s administration. As part of its commitment, SAP agreed to maintain, or enhance, its long-standing contribution to the scientific and technical education of K–12 students across the United States. Primarily, this has come from the corporation’s support for STEM education, which in 2016 will provide $2.4 million in grants to nongovernmental organizations that promote STEM and computer science education to more than 700,000 K–12 students in America. “SAP takes very seriously our responsibility to help develop the next generation of visionaries, innovators and entrepreneurs,” said Jennifer Morgan, president, SAP North America. “Our entire industry must be focused on inspiring today’s youth to dream big and develop the skills they will need to ensure the United States remains the epicenter of technological innovation in the world.” SAP has a long history of support for technology education that it hopes can assist the Computer Science for All initiative. In 2016, the company will:  Expand education initiatives realized by unique partnerships in major cities across North America between high schools, postsecondary institutions, local SAP offices and community-based organizations Leverage a strong academic network through the SAP University Alliances community – made up of nearly 500 universities in the United States – with University Competence Center locations and academic centers of excellence, SAP customers, partners, start-ups and other key stakeholders to promote STEM and computer science education in all schools Provide students opportunities to participate in exciting events, including SAP CodeJam, SAP InnoJam, hackathons and design-thinking workshops Bring college and career expertise to high school students by partnering with local communities and schools to open technology schools in disadvantaged communities, with companies in the SAP ecosystem and professional mentors providing curriculum mapping for in-demand jobs at SAP and other IT occupations  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Atle Erlingsson, SAP, +1 415 519 8053, atle.erlingsson@sap.com, PDT Kellie Drenner, SAP, +1 408 612 9348, kellie.drenner@sap.com, PDT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP to Release First Quarter 2016 Earnings
