SAP Named Market Leader in Transportation Management Systems by ARC Advisory Group
July 14, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that ARC Advisory Group has again named SAP the market leader in transportation management systems (TMS). The designation appeared in the ARC Advisory Group’s 2015 Transportation Management System Global Market Research study published June 2015. “Our investment and innovation in transportation management has helped us to maintain consistent leadership in the supply chain execution market,” said Hans Thalbauer, senior vice president, Line-of-Business Solutions for Supply Chain, SAP. “It is great to see our progress and customer successes recognized as leading the transportation management space. Adoption of SAP Transportation Management is increasing, shown by service revenue as well as implementation services market share gain.” SAP was ranked as the No. 1 supplier overall based on revenues for the fourth year running, as well as No. 1 in selected categories, including:  Transportation management solutions Tier 1 and tier 2 companies EMEA geographical region Asia geographical region Aerospace &amp; defense Chemical Pharmaceutical &amp; biotech Retail for department and general merchandise Retail for grocery/food &amp; beverage Fleet management  SAP solutions support the complete transportation management lifecycle for both domestic and international freight through the planning, execution and settlement processes. These solutions also allow companies to manage their end-to-end logistics and order fulfillment processes with complete visibility, improved compliance and flexibility while maximizing available resources and decreasing logistics costs. With the latest versions of SAP Transportation Management (SAP TM), all applications of logistics and order fulfillment are now optimized to take advantage of the benefits of the SAP HANA platform and also support new SAP HANA Live content and SAP Smart Business cockpit. This allows transportation managers to identify and correct issues before they escalate and to keep track of their freight order executions. Additional innovations of SAP TM include fleet optimization through manual planning with Gantt Charts and complete mass billing and invoicing capabilities. “In recent years, the company has been on a path to develop a functionally rich standalone TMS solution,” said Chris Cunnane, Analyst, Enterprise Applications, ARC Advisory Group. “SAP is the leading supplier of TMS. Their revenue over the last year has continued to grow rapidly.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SCMatSAP. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
