October 20, 2015 by SAP News
LAS VEGAS — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the SAP Digital Boardroom, a planned breakthrough digital approach that aims to contextualize and simplify performance reporting across all areas of business in real time. Built on the SAP Cloud for Analytics solution, SAP Digital Boardroom is expected to utilize line-of-business data from the SAP S/4HANA suite and SAP HANA Cloud Platform to provide a single source of truth about a company’s critical business metrics. This approach aims to help companies monitor and drive change in the digital economy. The announcement was made at SAP TechEd, being held October 19-23 in Las Vegas. “SAP Digital Boardroom intends to provide total transparency to board members, executives and decision-makers with a comprehensive, real-time view of business performance across an entire company,” said Bernd Leukert, member of the Executive Board of SAP SE, Products &amp; Innovation. “We have incorporated fully automated business intelligence capabilities that aim to dramatically improve the quality and speed of reporting as well as collaboration in real time. As businesses continue to transform and evolve around the digital economy, executives will be able to use SAP Digital Boardroom for instant, data-driven insights that address ad hoc questions and improve decision-making. It will ultimately build trust between all board participants, employees and investors.” When required to make highly informed business decisions, board members, executives and decision-makers are often faced with separate reporting solutions that present data in a static, isolated way. SAP Digital Boardroom aims to harmonize the view of company operations across all lines of business on multiple devices. This view enables users to understand the past instantly, predict the future and conduct business successfully in today’s digital economy. The pilot project “The Boardroom Redefined” was previewed earlier this year at the SAPPHIRE NOW conference to great acclaim. As a result, SAP intends to deliver SAP Digital Boardroom in a fully scalable, multitenant environment at a price point that enables any individual or company to sign up and get going quickly. Anticipated customer benefits include:  Total transparency: Standards-based reporting on financials, operations, marketing and sales are based on a single source of the truth, delivered in real time, with no data duplication. Instant data-driven insights: Powerful analytical exploration functions use a simple user interface to address ad hoc questioning and support improved decision-making. Simplified processes: An intuitive user interface enables natural interactions based on a single-screen experience. It is delivered through a modern touch-screen experience, whether using a projector, a laptop or a wearable device. Rich visualizations of live data eliminate static presentations. New collaboration features assign and track action items even outside of scheduled meetings.  Redefining Analytics in the Cloud and On Premise Building on SAP’s commitment to deliver ongoing innovations to existing analytics solutions delivered on premise and in the cloud, SAP Cloud for Analytics represents a new software-as-a-service (SaaS) offering. It brings together all analytics features into one solution for an unparalleled user experience. Additional innovations anticipated for a future release include SAP BusinessObjects™ BI suite version 4.2, SAP Lumira software version 1.29, SAP Predictive Analytics software version 2.4, and SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio version 1.6. Product Screenshots  		 		 			 				 			 			 				 			 			 				 			 		  To find out more, visit the SAP Cloud for Analytics website. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo via Shutterstock
SAP Announces Third Quarter and Nine Months 2015 Results
