Latest Version of SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise Brings New Innovations to Mission-Critical Transactional Applications
September 29, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced availability of the new release of SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE). With this new release, SAP aims to modernize transaction-intensive applications such as those in financial services, telecommunications, retail, healthcare and transportation to meet the new demands of the digital economy, which has millions of transactions occurring 24×7 globally, on premise and in the cloud. “Transactional applications are at the heart of every digital enterprise, and a highly reliable, trusted digital core forms the necessary foundation,” said Steve Lucas, president, Platform Solutions, SAP. “With this new release SAP is providing significant new innovations for increasing transaction performance, continuous availability and efficient deployments, enabling customers to be successful in the digital economy.” SAP ASE provides high-performance, proven reliability and lower total cost of ownership that many applications rely on, including SAP Business Suite, SAP Business Warehouse and SAP Solution Manager as well as a number of partner and custom solutions with extreme transaction processing requirements. The latest release of the enterprise edition of SAP ASE provides:  High-performance transaction processing: The new SAP ASE database MemScale option supports extreme transaction processing applications executed by large numbers of concurrent users. Rock-solid business continuity: With the new SAP ASE database always-on option, customers can run 24×7 global operations using a unified high-availability and disaster recovery architecture with rolling upgrades and automatic application failover. High efficiency: SAP ASE workload analyzer option allows database administrators to simulate potential workloads and optimize system environments for operational efficiency and non-disruptive deployments.  These new features further extend recent innovations such as SAP HANA accelerator for SAP ASE, which accelerates reporting applications in SAP ASE using SAP HANA, and expanded support for cloud-based deployment of SAP ASE through Amazon Web Services (AWS), SAP HANA Cloud Platform and SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud. In addition to providing various options for cloud deployments, a flexible licensing model is now available that provides unlimited nonproductive usage of SAP ASE, enterprise edition. “UZ Leuven is the largest healthcare provider in Belgium and a longtime SAP ASE user,” said Reinoud Reynders, IT manager, Infrastructure &amp; Operations, UZ Leuven. “While evaluating the enhanced transaction processing capabilities offered as part of the SAP ASE database MemScale option in the latest release, we achieved a 250 percent improvement in transaction throughput. This new functionality will allow us to scale our existing environment to add more hospitals and users, and continue to provide superior performance for our electronic patient management application.” Learn more about the latest version of SAP ASE here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Susan Miller, SAP, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
