SAP Announces Recipients of 2015 SAP Pinnacle Awards
April 1, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced recipients of the 2015 SAP Pinnacle awards, recognizing partner contributions to customer success and innovation. The awards are presented annually to the top SAP partners that have excelled in elevating their partnership with SAP, helping businesses around the world run simple. Winners and finalists in 22 categories of the 2015 SAP Pinnacle awards were based on field recommendations, customer feedback and performance indicators in the following four umbrella categories:  Exponential Growth: Recognizes partner-led business development and partners with high-growth performance and engagement. Cloud: Recognizes partners that positively influence SAP cloud revenue and market share. Platform: Recognizes partners that proliferate market-leading solutions that leverage the SAP platform. Value Creation: Recognizes partners that extend solution offerings, drive shareholder value, create new and innovative business models, accelerate the impact of technology investments and help customers transform their business. This category also includes the Customers’ Choice award, which recognizes a customer-nominated SAP partner.  “Congratulations to all of the recipients of the 2015 SAP Pinnacle Awards,” said Rodolpho Cardenuto, president, Global Partner Operations, SAP. “These awards celebrate partners that have truly shined in their partnership with SAP by delivering superior value to our customers with relentless passion and commitment. All of our winners have extended the advantages of our solutions to help businesses worldwide run simple.” Award recipients will be formally recognized at the SAP Global Partner Summit, being held on May 4, 2015, in conjunction with the SAPPHIRE NOW conference, being held May 5-7 in Orlando, Florida. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Jason Loesche, +1 (484) 437-0015, j.loesche@sap.com, EDT Cindy McKendry, +1 (503) 231-7274, cindy.mckendry@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
