SAP Positioned as a Leader in 2015 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Horizontal Portals
September 29, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that it has been positioned by independent analyst firm Gartner Inc. as a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Horizontal Portals report.* SAP is categorized as a leader in the portal market based on its “completeness of vision” and “ability to execute” in this highly competitive technology segment. According to Gartner, digital business requires organizations to improve customer, employee and partner engagement and satisfaction in the midst of an explosion of information, devices and apps. Additionally, according to the report, portal offerings must step up to meet the escalating demands of digital businesses. “We believe the positioning recognizes our ongoing investment in enabling our widely deployed SAP Enterprise Portal for the SAP Fiori user experience as well as the new SAP HANA Cloud Portal,” said Björn Goerke, EVP and head of SAP Products &amp; Innovation Technology Division. “Our portal continues to be a key element of our integration strategy, helping existing and new customers of SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA) to boost their users’ efficiency through a single point of access to all their business processes, whether on premise or in the cloud.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Susan Miller, SAP, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET *Gartner, “Magic Quadrant for Horizontal Portals,” published September 15, 2015 by Jim Murphy, Gene Phifer, Gavin Tay, and Magnus Revang. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
