June 18, 2015 by SAP News
SAN FRANCISCO — As a proud supporter of equal rights and a diverse and inclusive workplace, SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) is excited to announce that, for the first time, it will participate in the 45th Annual San Francisco Pride celebrations taking place June 27-28. Hundreds of SAP employees and LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) supporters from across SAP’s five Bay Area campuses will march down Market Street – in SAP #RunProuder commemorative T-shirts and alongside a vintage San Francisco cable car on wheels – to celebrate this year’s SF Pride theme of “Equality Without Exception.” For SAP, the event is an opportunity to bring together the company’s growing and diverse Bay Area workforce in support of diversity, inclusion and equality. “Creating a diverse and inclusive culture makes us a better company, fuels our innovation, enhances our daily work and leads to a more authentic and fulfilling day-to-day work experience for all of our employees,” said Jenny Dearborn, chief learning officer at SAP and executive sponsor of the Pride@SAP North America employee network. “I’m thrilled to stand with my SAP colleagues, family members, friends and allies at this year’s SF Pride event as we embrace people’s differences, celebrate being exactly who you are, and continue to push for equality without exception around the world.” SAP’s Bay Area workforce has more than doubled in recent years, thanks in part to SAP acquisition of SuccessFactors, Ariba, Sybase and Concur. More than 4,000 employees now work for SAP across the Bay Area in its San Francisco, South San Francisco, Palo Alto, Sunnyvale and Dublin offices. Celebrations such as SF Pride represent a unique opportunity for SAP employees from across the Bay Area to come together as one in support of an important cause and to have fun with colleagues. In addition to the hundreds-strong SAP contingent marching in the San Francisco Pride parade, SAP employees in Germany, home to the company’s global headquarters, will also be marching in the Berlin Pride event taking place the same weekend. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sap and @sapnews. Follow SAP Silicon Valley at @sapsv and the SAP Pride campaign at #RunProuder. Media Contacts: Scott Behles, +1 (917) 494-2009, scott.behles@sap.com, PDT Juliana O’Brien, +1 (415) 318-4082, juliana.obrien@fleishman.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP HANA to Transform Business Processes and Data Analysis for Banking and Insurance Customers
