WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the general availability of the 9.3 versions of the SAP Transportation Management (SAP TM) and the SAP Extended Warehouse Management (SAP EWM) applications. This demonstrates the continuous innovation of two major components of supply chain execution software from SAP. These latest releases strengthen the integration between logistics processes by introducing transit warehousing features for service providers that tightly integrate warehousing and transportation at logistics hubs. This allows for faster logistics and order fulfillment, and enables improved asset utilization for greater efficiency and reduced cost. SAP TM 9.3 offers customers holistic, end-to-end logistics process support, including integrated planning, orchestration, execution, tracking and settlement of the physical movement of goods across all modes of transport. The application has been extended to support the transit warehouse scenario, partner-integrated customs and security filing software for logistics service providers. The application also introduces group company logistics software, which can set up internal logistics operations to act like a service provider. Further enhancements include strategic freight management, load and pallet building as well as resource planning integration for better visibility and planning of the container fleet. The full set of logistics solutions from SAP, together with the SAP HANA platform, provides the state-of-the-art optimization functionality required for the large, multisite, global logistics networks of Sigma-Aldrich, now a part of the life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. “Working with SAP, we look forward to reducing complexity and integrating business and logistics seamlessly,” said Gilles Fellous, head of life sciences IT for order-to-cash and trade compliance, Merck. “Supply chain execution solutions from SAP brought us better integration for manufacturing between SAP EWM and SAP S/4HANA and between SAP EWM and SAP TM. The software also provides globally enhanced performance for our daily volume thanks to SAP HANA.” With SAP EWM 9.3, customers can plan, source, transport and deliver better than ever. The introduction of transit warehouse functionality allows logistics companies to manage complex movements of goods from origin to consolidation points to destination. It supports unloading, consolidating and loading packages rather than products. Further enhancements include billing warehouse services for logistics service providers and shippers who contract warehouse services. “Our latest logistics solution releases are yet another example of providing innovative and best-in-class capabilities for warehouse management and transportation as well as track-and-trace scenarios,” said Hans Thalbauer, senior vice president, extended supply chain, SAP. “We see an accelerated adoption of our solutions by customers around the world, who leverage the predefined ‘model company’ approach for fast implementation.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SCMatSAP. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Launches Real-Time Platform for Banking Services powered by SAP HANA
December 7, 2015 by SAP News
