May 27, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the BILT mobile app, an innovation by SAP, was recently honored with an Appy Award at a ceremony in New York City, taking home the top prize in the Home/Garden/Interior Design/Lifestyle category. BILT was chosen as the best app in 2015 that caters to, promotes or enriches an interest in lifestyles and/or homes, gardens and home design. The Appy Awards acknowledge extraordinary applications, whether they are mobile, social or Web-based apps living inside another website. The awards jury consists of impartial editors, industry visionaries and senior-level creative strategy leaders from prominent agencies and brands. BILT is a free mobile app for consumers with interactive audio, visual and written step-by-step instructions for putting together, installing or repairing consumer products. BILT has 3D product images that consumers can manipulate using their fingers to rotate 360 degrees and zoom in and out. Consumers who use BILT for the assembly process have a significantly better first-time experience with the product. In a controlled study, participants reported a 40 percent increase in assembly confidence after using BILT; they put products together faster and felt that using the app reduced the potential for mistakes. BILT is relatively new to the market and building content daily with new manufacturing customers. Some of the early adopters with product content in BILT include BRG Sports, Suncor Stainless and Liberty Garden Products. BILT helps a manufacturer’s business by improving the overall end-consumer experience, decreasing product returns, generating call center savings and helping reduce the cost of documentation and marketing materials. By providing simple and intuitive instructions, BILT empowers consumers to be successful by alleviating the hassle and frustration typically associated with assembly and repair tasks. For more information, visit the BILT website. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Stacy Ries, +1 (484)619-0411, stacy.ries@sap.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
SAP and Kuwait Credit Bank Win Award for Best Lending Platform Implementation in the Middle East
