TOKYO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Net One Systems Co., Ltd. has launched a project to deploy SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA), the next-generation business suite from SAP, to further improve productivity and manage operations in real time. As a first step in this new journey, the company intends to use the SAP Simple Finance solution to transform finance with instant insight and contribute to expanded business performance. Net One Systems, a Japanese company that provides innovative information platform solutions and services to help organizations better strategize information and communications technology, is currently expanding its business to design, build and operate network and cloud based infrastructures. To achieve this goal, Net One Systems plans to migrate its existing SAP ERP application to SAP S/4HANA and also benefit from the SAP Fiori user experience (UX), optimized for various devices to help simplify input operations and reduce the load of sales tasks. “We have a long-term commitment to SAP and SAP HANA, so it was a natural decision for us to move to the new suite, SAP S/4HANA,” said Yuichiro Sugiyama, managing director of Corporate Planning &amp; Strategy Division, Net One Systems. “By obtaining the cooperative support of SAP Service and Support, we were able to approve the startup of this project with confidence in a short-term project schedule.” As an expert in information and communications technology (ICT) utilization, Net One Systems will advance with the project utilizing the virtualization technology and knowledge it has cultivated thus far to build ICT infrastructures. “As companies face increasing complexity in their financial departments, real-time finance processes end-to-end is critical for planning and agility,” said Thack Brown, general manager and global head of Line-of-Business Finance at SAP. “With SAP Simple Finance, SAP customers can harness their raw financial and operational data in simple, digestible format, allowing for better control over monetary operations and close alignment with the business.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 291,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only:                                                                   Janice Tsoules, +1 (650) 223-4817, janice.tsoules@sap.com, EDT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Adam Novak, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502 4326, anovak@pancomm.com, EDT  # # # Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape Assessment for Worldwide Social Technologies in Integrated Talent Management
April 22, 2015 by SAP News
