SAP Institute for Digital Government Opens in Australia
October 27, 2015 by SAP News
BRISBANE — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the SAP Institute for Digital Government has officially opened its doors in Canberra and delivered its first research output, launched alongside five founding partners at the Australian National Disability Insurance Agency’s NDIS New World: Disability in the 21st Century conference. The SAP Institute for Digital Government was established to spur public sector innovation. In collaboration with government agencies, universities and partner organizations, the Institute will drive innovation through digital technology for deeper policy insight and improved service delivery. SAP will offer resulting solutions to government agencies across Australia and throughout the world. “The quality and innovative spirit of Australian public administration is widely recognized,” said Isabella Groegor-Cechowicz, general manager, SAP Public Services. “As a think tank, the SAP Institute for Digital Government will help conceptualize new service models that improve livability for all.” The SAP Institute for Digital Government’s five foundation partners include the Australian Catholic University (ACU), the Australian National University (ANU), the European Social Network (ESN), the International Social Security Association (ISSA), and Australia’s National Disability Insurance Agency (NDIA). “It is impressive to see the launch of a think tank with a focus on how digital innovation can transform social protection,” said John Halloran, CEO, ESN, speaking at the launch of the Institute in Brisbane. “We look forward to collaborating with the Institute in areas of interest to our broad membership base across Europe.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Mat Small, +1 (510) 684-3552, m.small@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
