LAS VEGAS — In a recent survey, SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) found businesses of all sizes are struggling to unlock the hidden value of their data and lack the tools to use company data effectively for decision making. SAP today announced that the SAP Lumira solution, Edge edition, is now generally available to help bring cost-effective data visualization to teams and departments within small and midsize businesses. In addition, SAP remains a leader in Gartner’s 2015 Magic Quadrant for Business Intelligence (BI) and Analytics Platforms* for the seventh consecutive year. The announcement was made at SAPinsider BI 2015, being held March 9–12 in Las Vegas. With SAP Lumira, Edge edition, users are now able to create, view, modify and share compelling visualizations with teammates and colleagues within their browser. With a simple and fast process for installation, teams can begin visualizing data quickly to help tell stories that inspire their audiences. The SAP Lumira solution puts data visualization and infographics in the hands of business users, helping to provide more immediate and actionable insights. Other features of SAP Lumira, Edge edition, include:  Agile data discovery and visualization across teams and departments Ability to view, modify and share visualizations produced by SAP Lumira in the browser User management services to help provide better control and more secure data visualization and administration A simple and fast process to install and begin visualizing data in as little as 15 minutes  “With over 650,000 downloads, we continue to see rapid adoption of SAP Lumira by organizations of all sizes,” said Clemens Praendl, senior vice president and general manager, Analytics, SAP. “SAP Lumira, Edge edition, is helping our customers extend the power of data-driven insights to all users throughout an organization.” SAP was recognized again this year as a leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Business Intelligence and Analytics Platforms. View the full report here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, EDT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, EDT About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. *Gartner “Magic Quadrant for Business Intelligence and Analytics Platforms” by Rita L. Sallam, Bill Hostmann, Kurt Schlegel, Joao Tapadinhas, Josh Parenteau, Thomas W. Oestreich. February 23, 2015. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
Accenture and SAP Chosen by CenterPoint Energy to Develop Asset Analytics Solution to Take Advantage of the Internet of Things
March 16, 2015 by SAP News
