BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and Jasper today announced they are collaborating to help enterprises simplify the process of deploying and managing Internet of Things (IoT) services on a global scale. Together, SAP and Jasper will team to offer integration of their solutions designed to help simplify and dramatically shorten the time to launch, manage and monetize IoT services. The announcement was made at Mobile World Congress (MWC) being held March 2–5 in Barcelona. The Jasper Control Center platform, which automates the lifecycle of IoT services, is planned to integrate with the SAP HANA platform, creating business value for customers and partners by analyzing service subscription and usage data. Enterprises are also expected to benefit from the SAP Fiori user experience (UX), which offers a simple, personalized and responsive UX for SAP software. “Jasper has helped over 1,600 enterprises across more than 20 industries around the world transform from product businesses to service businesses,” said Jahangir Mohammed, founder and CEO, Jasper. “We believe having the Jasper platform integrated with SAP HANA will increase business value by providing actionable insights into Big Data and shortening the time to market for IoT services. We are delighted to collaborate with SAP to work to bring these new capabilities to enterprise customers globally.” “SAP helps simplify the Internet of Things for business to better drive innovation,” said Michael Lynch, global IoT co-lead, SAP. “The collaboration with Jasper is planned to allow us to remove friction from the existing complexity of deploying IoT solutions. With SAP solutions for the IoT, we help our customers introduce new service-based business models that can help drive a competitive advantage.” SAP and Jasper have completed a successful proof-of-concept test with a pilot customer and are collaborating on go-to-market strategies. To learn more, please visit SAP’s booth in Fira Gran Via Exhibition Center, located in Hall 6, Stand 6A30, and Jasper’s booth in Innovation City, located in Hall 3, Stand 3A11, at MWC 2015. For more information, including additional news from SAP at Mobile World Congress, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. For more information, press only: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, EST Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard for SAP, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, EST SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Robb Henshaw, Jasper, +1 (925) 640-7321, robb.henshaw@jasper.com, PST Darren Weiss, LaunchSquad PR for Jasper, +1 (415) 625-8555, jasper@launchsquad.com, PST About Jasper Jasper is a global Internet of Things (IoT) platform leader. Jasper has designed its industry-leading software-as-a-service (SaaS) IoT platform to enable companies of all sizes to rapidly and cost-effectively launch, manage and monetize IoT services on a global scale. When companies do this, they become much more than product businesses. They become service businesses, capable of automatically managing their customers’ entire IoT service lifecycle, delivering increased customer value and unlocking new sources of revenue. More than 1,600 companies in over 20 vertical markets, including many of the world’s top brands, choose Jasper to fast-track their IoT services. Jasper currently partners with 24 mobile operator groups, representing more than 100 mobile operator networks worldwide. Founded in 2004, Jasper is based in Santa Clara, California. For more information, visit www.jasper.com or follow us on Twitter @Jasper_IoT. To learn more about enterprises building IoT services that demonstrate what’s possible when the digital and physical worlds converge, check out their stories at www.TitansofIoT.com. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
T-Systems and SAP Partner to Offer a Cloud-Based Logistics Solution for Internet of Things
March 3, 2015 by SAP News
