SAP Supports EU Code Week, Spreading Coding and Digital Literacy Among Young People Across Europe
October 14, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) will drive more than 120 youth coding events across Europe to support EU Code Week, launched by the European Commission from October 10-18, 2015. The activities are part of SAP’s global commitment to provide young people access to technology, education and career training to empower them to become innovators in the digital economy. “The goal of EU Code Week, to reach over 1 million children and young people in more than 40 countries and to encourage them to learn how to code, is incredibly inspiring,” said Prof. Dr. Gesche Joost, professor for Design Research and head of the Design Research Lab, University of Arts Berlin, and member of the Supervisory Board of SAP SE. “Through the many events organized by so many different evangelists for coding — among them the SAP teams — across Europe, this grassroots initiative will bring digital literacy to everybody in a fun and engaging way.” SAP will offer coding sessions and workshops to children and young people in more than 10 countries including at SAP headquarters in Walldorf, Germany, along with other SAP locations. Topics will be as varied and forward-looking as coding of Arduino Robots, 3D-printing, an introduction to coding on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, the future factory, design thinking and many other topics. As a partner of the European Coding Initiative  SAP also supported the  “All You Need is Code” event held on October 12 in Brussels, Belgium, where European policy makers, industry, NGOs, teachers and young people met to pledge their support for the initiative and discuss ways to scale and mainstream efforts to enable youth for the digital economy. “At SAP, we are committed to empowering the next generation with the skillset needed for the digital transformation,” said Bernd Welz, executive vice president and head of Scale, Enablement &amp; Transformation, SAP SE. “By supporting initiatives like EU Code Week, we help young people see how easy coding can be and inspire them to pursue studies and careers in which they can leverage coding skills and knowledge.” During EU Code Week, the SAP University Alliances program is rolling out the DataGenius competition to universities and schools across Europe. Students will be enabled with SAP Lumira and SAP Predictive Analytics software to visualize and analyze complex data, and can learn to code an app on SAP HANA Cloud Platform. Based on the successful EU Code Week model, SAP together with Simplon.co, AMPION, the Galway Education Centre, the Cape Town Science Centre and the King Baudouin Foundation, recently launched Africa Code Week to equip 20,000 children and young people across 17 countries in Africa with coding skills. Additionally, to coincide with Africa Code Week and EU Code Week, the openSAP platform, is providing two free courses in English and French to children and teenagers on coding: Teaching Programming to Young Learners and Teens Get Coding! For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Rebecca Nicholson, +49 6227 7-40173, rebecca.nicholson@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
