SAP Once Again Ranked As a Global Sustainability Leader
September 30, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — For the ninth consecutive year SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) has maintained its position as the software industry leader in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI). Since its inception in 1999, the DJSI has become a leading benchmark for investors who integrate sustainability aspects into their portfolios. SAP has been listed since the beginning. SAP has also been reconfirmed as a constituent of the Ethibel Sustainability Index (ESI) Excellence Europe and ESI Excellence Global as of Sept. 21, 2015. Forum Ethibel is an independent association that was created in 1992 and recognized as an expert in rating, independent audits and certifying that products and services meet environmental, social and governance (ESG) and ethical standards. SAP gained excellent results in the 2015 ESG report issued by Sustainalytics, a sustainability research and analysis company that supports investors with the development and implementation of responsible investment strategies. In the report, SAP improved in every category. SAP’s renewable energy program and supply chain monitoring improved significantly to the maximum score of 100 points. “We are pleased that SAP is again recognized as a worldwide sustainability leader in the DJSI and Ethibel Sustainability Index as well as in the Sustainalytics ESG report. It shows that we are on track with our strategy to embed sustainability across the company and help ensure the long-term success of our customers and our own business,” said Daniel Schmid, chief sustainability officer, SAP SE. “On the other hand, ratings like these are critically important in helping business leaders and investors make decisions about whom to do business with. They increasingly want to understand how sustainable their partners are.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Bettina Wunderle, +49 7544 970 538, bettina.wunderle@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
