PALO ALTO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the opening of HanaHaus, a new cafe and community workspace that aims to foster a vibrant culture of technology innovation. Centrally located in one of the most historic buildings in Palo Alto, the Varsity Theater on University Avenue, HanaHaus seeks to become a central hub of activity, a place that draws people in, sparks new thinking, supports entrepreneurial energy and adds to the urban vitality of the community. The 15,000 square-foot multi-purpose space features a full-service cafe as well as newly renovated work areas. Every aspect of HanaHaus is designed to encourage creativity, connection and community. Its vision is rooted in the philosophy that great ideas spring from anywhere and they often emerge when diverse people come together. SAP is partnering with local favorite Blue Bottle Coffee to provide full cafe service featuring its world-class coffee and teas, baked goods and freshly prepared meals for breakfast, lunch and dinner. In addition to ample seating and cafe space, HanaHaus will also offer:  Open workspaces and closed-door meeting rooms that can be rented for a small fee by individuals and groups A large assembly space accommodating up to 100 people for special events put on by HanaHaus or others who rent it out Design thinking workshops, innovation showcases, how-to sessions, inspirational speakers, hackathons, musical events and more A tech desk where entrepreneurs and others who are passionate about technology can learn about the latest innovations, inquire about services and connect with experts  The idea behind HanaHaus started with Professor Hasso Plattner, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of SAP SE, who is deeply interested in the process of innovation and what is required to support it. “HanaHaus is not just a physical space,” said Plattner. “Our goal is to create a sense of community, along with a culture that actively fosters creativity, connection and collaboration. These elements are vital to discovery and the cultivation of new ideas. We believe that you can’t replace the energy that comes from bringing people together. HanaHaus is open to everyone and we’re eager to see how it evolves as people make it their own.” Located at 456 University Avenue, HanaHaus seeks to build on the storied legacy of the Varsity Theater — a hub of activity dating back to the 1920s — as well as Palo Alto’s rich history of entrepreneurship and innovation. “We’re thrilled that SAP is opening HanaHaus in our community,” said Palo Alto Mayor Karen Holman. “It is a reflection of Palo Alto as both a steward of the past and an entrepreneur for the future. We are one of the world’s centers of innovation, and HanaHaus aims to create a place to spark creativity and community.  I encourage everyone to spend time in the space after it opens to the public later this week.” The opening of HanaHaus is the latest example of SAP’s commitment to supporting entrepreneurs, startups and creative individuals seeking to impact people’s lives by changing their relationship to technology, each other and the world. With HanaHaus, SAP wants to be part of this on-the-ground conversation and is eager to join others in the local community to explore new ideas, collaborate on interesting projects and drive innovation forward. SAP, Blue Bottle Coffee and the City of Palo Alto will celebrate the grand opening of HanaHaus with a ribbon-cutting ceremony later today. HanaHaus opens to the general public on Thursday, March 19. Its regular business hours will be 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. Sunday through Thursday and 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. on Friday and Saturday. To learn more about HanaHaus, visit www.hanahaus.com. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews.  		 		 			 				 			 			 				 			 			 				 			 			 				 			 			 		  For more information, press only: Scott Behles, +1 (917) 494-2009, scott.behles@sap.com, PDT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 282,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.
SAP Helps Bring Fans Closer to the Action at the ICC Cricket World Cup
March 18, 2015 by SAP News
