May 16, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced general availability of the SAP Anywhere solution in the United States. This new front-office cloud solution is specifically designed to help meet the e-commerce and customer interaction needs of small businesses with 10 to 200 employees. With SAP Anywhere, small and midsize enterprises (SMEs) can capitalize on retail store sales, build a website or online store, create marketing campaigns, sell products and take payments, manage inventory and analyze business performance. SAP Anywhere gives small businesses the power to do it all from a mobile phone or tablet. SAP has teamed up with Google Inc. and PayPal Holdings Inc. to offer small business leaders everything they need in a single package that directly integrates with partners’ platforms. Users of SAP Anywhere have one solution through which they can access complementary services. In addition, it is planned to integrate global shipping and logistics services provided by United Parcel Service Inc. An ecosystem of partners plays a key role in the wide adoption of SAP Anywhere, allowing customers to run simple through seamless integration. Partners also have the opportunity to integrate, refer, resell and implement SAP Anywhere. Consumers Care When Companies Are There  “Digital marketing and e-commerce is a strategic necessity for SMEs,” said EJ Jackson, senior vice president and general manager, SAP Anywhere. “More than 28 million small firms in the United States need to market goods online and satisfy customers’ desire for a digital buying experience, and at the end of the day, company size is irrelevant to the consumer. To achieve this we forged a completely new solution in which all relevant functionality has been united in the cloud and mobilized under SAP Anywhere.” The SAP Anywhere solution meets the payment card industry’s standard for secure transactions and secure sockets layer (SSL) protection. With real-time information from their back-office software, users obtain active decision support based on data from both internal and external sources. It includes a unified order management system that makes use of actual inventory data. Run Your Business in the Moment  “What SAP does for me is it allows me to monitor my business in the moment – whether it’s marketing or sales or counting my inventory or logistics,” said Reggie Jackson, founder and owner of Reggie Jackson’s Garage. “SAP Anywhere has made it easy for me and for my customers to enjoy the experience of easy navigation, to be able to pick their type of car and to shop for what they want instantly.” A recent study conducted by research firm IDC showed that small businesses struggle the most with the business tools – from making payments to marketing to customer analytics and e-commerce – that are needed to operate a live business with today’s digitally native consumers. Companies that get this right grow faster. “Smaller firms face special challenges when it comes to coordinating their e-commerce and customer interaction resources,” said Ray Boggs, vice president, Small and Medium Business Research, IDC. “Many have older processes that weren’t designed for today’s mobile online world.” Boggs noted that SAP Anywhere can provide the connective tissue to link front-office and back-office activities to improve internal efficiency and customer satisfaction. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews, @SAPSmallBiz and @SAPMidsize. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 310,000 business and public sector customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Angelika Merz, +41 (58) 871-7216, angelika.merz@sap.com, CET Hilmar Schepp, +49 (6227) 746799, hilmar.schepp@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Nate Hubbell, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0531, nate.hubbell@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP BusinessObjects Portfolio Delivers Modern Analytics for the Digital Enterprise
