September 28, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that its planned SAP Fiori 2.0 user experience (UX) design concept won a Red Dot in the Interaction Category at the Red Dot Award: Design Concept 2015. The Red Dot Design Award is one of the most prestigious design awards worldwide and honors innovation, concepts and visions. SAP earned the award in the fiercely competitive Design Concept discipline, which this year received 4,680 entries from 61 countries. “We are honored and humbled to receive the Red Dot Award for our next-generation design concept for SAP Fiori,” said Sam Yen, chief design officer for SAP. “To be recognized by peers in the design industry is evidence that our continuous focus on user experience and our design vision have reached new levels of distinction in the market. Great design, while very difficult to achieve, results in a unique user experience that is personalized, simple and effective. This is key to winning in the digital economy.” Red Dot Design Award, founded in Germany in 1955 as an award for products, is internationally recognized as a symbol for excellence. Designs are awarded in three different disciplines: Product Design, Communication Design and Design Concept. The Design Concept discipline was established in 2005 to recognize creative minds and celebrate new design conception and innovation. Today, the Red Dot Award for Design Concept has grown to be the largest and most recognized professional design competition for design concept and prototypes worldwide. The competition for Design Concepts is based in Singapore, which is also home to the Red Dot Design Museum Singapore. The award was announced at a ceremony held in Singapore on September 25. To get the inside scoop on design at SAP, watch the video:  Next Evolution of SAP User Experience Ushers in the Next-Generation Modern Look and Refined Visuals Introduced in 2013 as a collection of 25 apps, the SAP Fiori UX has evolved into the new user experience for SAP software, across solutions such as SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA), the SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central solution, Ariba mobile solutions and the SAP Cloud for Customer solution. The new UX reflects a broader paradigm shift, moving from a focus on features and functions to users and their experience. As a result, SAP is bringing simplicity to a complex world so people and teams can be more productive and work better, faster and in entirely new ways. SAP Fiori 2.0 is envisioned to be the next evolution of the SAP user experience design concept and is planned to be the new user experience for SAP S/4HANA and other solutions. Conceived in collaboration with SAP customers, this next-generation SAP Fiori UX design will be the new face for digital enterprise software and will show first examples of contextual and multimodal interaction. “SAP Fiori UX has helped simplify the use of SAP software at DONG Energy,” said Simon Schmidt, SAP Fiori consultant, DONG Energy A/S. “With SAP Fiori, SAP has taken a major leap forward in the area of user experience.” “An intuitive user experience is crucial for us as our employees all over the world must be able to tap into our systems to manage data and get insight instantly from a smartphone or tablet,” said Andrew Marici, SAP IT Applications analyst, Pacific Drilling Services. “With SAP Fiori UX, our users don’t need any training — that makes things easy and efficient, and keeps costs down.” The design concept for SAP Fiori aims to deliver a series of innovative new features such as improved contextual interaction, enhanced relational navigation for complex settings, action-oriented personal notifications, real-time collaboration in an enhanced transactional model and improved productivity tools. The updated design aims to deliver improvements while still staying consistent with the original design principles of SAP Fiori — role-based, responsive, simple, coherent and delightful. Watch the next-generation SAP Fiori UX demo video:  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 293,500 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com  Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.
SAP Customer Usha International Improves Profit Margins With the SAP HANA Platform
