December 16, 2015 by SAP News
SAN FRANCISCO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced its commitment to and participation in the Cloud Foundry Certification Program. This program was launched at a press event that was held on December 15 in San Francisco. The Cloud Foundry Certification Program will help ensure application portability across certified Cloud Foundry–based products and services. It is a program designed to certify reliable portability across platform-as-a-service (PaaS) products in a multivendor, multicloud environment. Furthermore, the program is designed to ensure the experience in working with Cloud Foundry is consistent across providers, such as an application developer or operations professional. This can be achieved by ensuring all certified offerings are using the same core Cloud Foundry software. “With Cloud Foundry certification of SAP HANA Cloud Platform and our participation in the Cloud Foundry Certification Program, we can enable our customers and partners to leverage a continuous stream of cloud-based innovation in an open source environment,” said Dirk Basenach, senior vice president, SAP HANA Cloud Platform and Platform Security, SAP SE. “This can help lead to application and skill portability across cloud services or on-premise software products that offer Cloud Foundry.” SAP is committed to delivering an open public cloud platform for customers and partners to run their business in the cloud. Additionally, SAP’s goal is to help companies run their business simpler in any type of cloud customers use to deploy their applications, while at the same time helping to drive continuous innovation. SAP’s commitment to Cloud Foundry was announced in July 2014 with its sponsorship of Cloud Foundry, an industry-leading open PaaS for SAP HANA Cloud Platform. SAP has been a platinum-level member of the Cloud Foundry Foundation since its inception in January 2015 and continues to co-innovate with the community by contributing code to add enterprise-grade qualities to the Cloud Foundry technology. “Establishing an industry standard for cloud app platforms is a critical milestone in cloud computing. SAP’s achievement of Cloud Foundry Certification for the HANA Cloud Platform is a crucial step in delivering a new era of freedom in the cloud,” said Cloud Foundry Foundation CEO Sam Ramji. “In the first generation of cloud computing, companies sacrificed portability and choice for speed and cost-efficiency. As we enter the second generation, businesses are demanding an industry standard in order to regain control of their applications. Cloud Foundry certification gives businesses a guaranteed standard for PaaS that delivers both portability and speed – across multiple clouds.” SAP plans to continue its co-innovation efforts with Cloud Foundry to help ensure customers and partners enjoy the benefits of additional deployment models, cloud services and programming languages that come from Cloud Foundry when leveraging SAP HANA Cloud Platform to build or extend applications. For more information on Cloud Foundry’s certification, visit Cloud Foundry’s webpage. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Tyrone Webb, Jr., +1 (973) 380-9901, tyrone.webb.jr@sap.com, ET Susan Miller, +1 (610) 570-6845, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
Independent Report Ranks SAP as a Leader in Data Quality Solutions
