May 12, 2016 by SAP News
MANNHEIM, Germany — The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of SAP SE today approved all management proposals for the agenda items. The shareholders approved the actions by the Executive and Supervisory Boards for the 2015 fiscal year. They also approved management’s proposed dividend. Under this proposal, SAP shareholders will receive a dividend of €1.15 per share for the 2015 fiscal year (€1.10 for fiscal 2014). Total dividend distribution to shareholders will amount to around € 1.4 billion for fiscal year 2015. The dividend is slated for payment on or after May 13, 2016. Prof. Dr. Gesche Joost was elected as shareholders’ representative of the Supervisory Board. Joost had been appointed Supervisory Board Member by the Local Court of Mannheim on May 28, 2015 until this year’s Annual General Meeting, replacing Dr. Hartmut Mehdorn who had resigned from office in May 2015.  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 310,000 business and public sector customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For more information, Investor Relations: Stefan Gruber, +49 (6227) 7-44872, investor@sap.com, CET For more information, press only: Nicola Leske, +49 (6227) 7-50852, nicola.leske@sap.com, CET Daniel Reinhardt, +49 (6227) 7-40201, daniel.reinhardt@sap.com, CET Rajiv Sekhri, +49 (6227) 7-74871, rajiv.sekhri@sap.com, CET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
Africa Code Week 2016 to Tackle Continent’s Digital Skills Gap
