SAP Named a Leader in Enterprise Business Intelligence Platforms and Big Data Predictive Analytics Solutions by Independent Research Firm
April 8, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has been cited by Forrester Research Inc. as a leader in “The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Business Intelligence Platforms, Q1 2015” and “The Forrester Wave: Big Data Predictive Analytics Solutions, Q2 2015.” In Forrester’s Enterprise Business Intelligence report, SAP BusinessObjects business intelligence (BI) solutions were evaluated against 60 different criteria. In Forrester’s Big Data Predictive Analytics report, SAP Predictive Analysis software, the SAP InfiniteInsight solution and the SAP HANA platform were evaluated against 45 criteria and 13 vendors. SAP Predictive Analytics, which was recently announced, combines SAP Predictive Analysis and SAP InfiniteInsight into a single solution. According to the Enterprise Business Intelligence Platforms Wave report, “SAP continues to push the envelope with broad BI innovations.” The research firm notes that whether it is SAP HANA, SAP Lumira software or SAP Crystal solutions, “SAP’s philosophy and strategy of ‘the best tool for each job’ delivers on its promise.” In the Big Data Predictive Analytics Solutions Wave report, Forrester also states that “SAP’s relentless investment in analytics pays off,” further noting that SAP provides a “comprehensive set of predictive analytics tools for both business users and data scientists that use SAP HANA behind the scenes.” “As a leader in these industry reports, we feel that it is clear that SAP has made a commitment to driving real business value and critical insights – both in business intelligence and data analytics – that gives our customers a competitive edge,” said Clemens Praendl, senior vice president and general manager, Analytics, SAP SE. “Our goal is always to put our customers’ needs first, and we believe that Forrester hailing SAP as a provider of ‘one stop shop for data management’ is strong evidence that we are making good on our promises.” Key findings from “The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Business Intelligence Platforms, Q1 2015” include:  “Companies with richer, more accurate information about their customers and products than their competitors will gain substantial competitive advantage.” “Companies that have the same quality of information as their competitors but get it sooner and can turn it into action faster will outpace their peers.” In 2014, top business performers planned to invest 38 percent more of their technology budget in BI than their slower-going peers and competitors.  Key findings from “The Forrester Wave™: Big Data Predictive Analytics Solutions, Q2 2015” include:  “Predictive analytics has never been more relevant, and easier, than it is now … Enterprises that predict will win, retain and serve customers better than those that do not.” Enterprises must gain predictive powers in three core areas, such as providing direct insights about customers and business processes; increasing intelligent, adaptable customer interactions and business processes; and reimagining customer engagement by inspiring new digital products.  View the full reports: Enterprise Business Intelligence Platforms Wave and Big Data Predictive Analytics Solutions Wave. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Samantha Finnegan, SAP, +1 (415) 377-0475, samantha.finnegan@sap.com, EDT Britney Schaeffer, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
