February 23, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — Using the power of the cloud and services to overcome the talent and data barriers to perfect promotion planning, SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the general availability of a fully managed service approach for the SAP Trade Promotion Optimization and SAP Demand Signal Management applications delivered through the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service. Consumer products companies grapple with vast amounts of data and often lack the right skills in-house to use this data in predictive models. This means questions and factual insights can be overlooked. Suboptimal data analysis can lead to missed opportunities to maximize sales by ensuring optimal inventory at the shelf and drive incremental revenue and profit while building sustainable baseline volume through promotions. SAP is delivering this solution in response to challenges in the market beyond trade promotion optimization (TPO) capabilities. These challenges require corresponding investments in data acquisition, harmonization, and data management to support TPO processes. “Don’t overlook data integration, as it is key to conducting postevent analysis and predicting promotional outcomes,” said Dale Hagemeyer, Research VP, Gartner. “But don’t assume that purchasing a TPM or TPO solution from an ERP vendor will deliver easy integration. Users consistently tell us that integration was more complex than they had expected.”* To address the issue, SAP is offering a new services-driven approach to enable consumer products companies to harness the value of their data. SAP has developed a common, consistent enterprise data platform that manages the integration of all relevant demand signals, internal and external, to align Big Data and enterprise data. The platform also supports shopper demand forecasting and optimization to provide insights and outcomes to all consumer industries. Additionally, by delivering this platform as a fully managed service, SAP will continuously manage the end-to-end value chain. From demand signals to predictive models and business analytics, SAP is helping customers translate data into outcomes. “Large companies today grapple with the vast amounts of consumer data they house and cannot always translate it into usable information,” said E. J. Kenney, senior vice president, global head of Consumer Products, SAP. “With this integrated solution, delivered using the world-class SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud, customers can rely on SAP as a partner in the management of Big Data and can gain greater insight into this valuable information, leading to positive business outcomes not previously realized.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SAP_CP. *Gartner, “Vendor Panorama for Trade Promotion Management in Consumer Goods,” Dale Hagemeyer, 31 August 2012. Media Contact: Stacy Ries, +1 (484) 619-0411, stacy.ries@sap.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Working With Google to Accelerate Android™ for Work Adoption in the Enterprise
