January 21, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Technology Marketing Corp., a global, integrated media company, has named the SAP Digital for Customer Engagement solution as a 2016 CUSTOMER Product of the Year Award winner. The digitally native, simplified cloud customer relationship management (CRM) solution integrates sales, marketing and service features in one package, enabling anyone that uses it to go beyond traditional CRM and offer a comprehensive customer experience. “This award from TMC’s CUSTOMER Magazine underscores the value we are delivering to customers with SAP Digital for Customer Engagement,” said Karthik S J, head of product management for the solution at SAP. “Sales and marketing professionals who use it are provided the tools needed to put their customers in control of the buying experience, allowing them to better engage with their customers through real-time and contextual information. The product is designed to be intuitive and preconfigured so users spend less time configuring and setting up the solution and more time on their core business.” The 2016 CUSTOMER Product of the Year Award recognizes vendors that are advancing the call center, customer relationship management and teleservices industries, one solution at a time. The award highlights products that enable their clients to meet and exceed the expectations of their customers. “On behalf of both TMC and CUSTOMER magazine, it is my pleasure to honor SAP with a 2016 CUSTOMER Product of the Year Award,” said Rich Tehrani, CEO, TMC. “Its SAP Digital for Customer Engagement solution has proven deserving of this elite status and I look forward to continued innovation from SAP in 2016 and beyond.” SAP Digital for Customer Engagement is available at SAP Store for purchase or as a free 30-day trial. Since it was introduced in May 2015, there have been more than 3,200 orders for the solution. It includes e-mail marketing functionality to increase productivity and sales forecasting capabilities, as well as access to a social help desk through Twitter for online collaboration and feedback to questions from real-world users of the solution. With an interactive help feature, users are walked through each step, each screen and each click to accomplish tasks, making it very easy for anyone to use. And it’s built to grow with a user’s business – the data created in SAP Digital for Customer Engagement is fully compatible with SAP Cloud for Customer solution. The 18th annual Product of the Year Award winners will be published in the 2016 January/February issue of CUSTOMER magazine. For more information:  About SAP Digital for Customer Engagement, SAP Store and SAP, visit SAP Store or SAP News Center. On Twitter, follow SAP Store at @SAPStore and SAP News at @sapnews. About TMC’s CUSTOMER Magazine, please visit http://customer.tmcnet.com. About TMC, please visit tmcnet.com.  SAP Media Contact: Cindy McKendry, +1 (503) 231-7274, cindy.mckendry@sap.com, PT TMC Contact: Rebecca Conyngham, Marketing Manager, +1 (203) 852-6800, ext. 287, rconyngham@tmcnet.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Announces Preliminary Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Results
