July 9, 2015 by SAP News
NEWTOWN SQUARE — SAP America, Inc., a subsidiary of SAP SE (NYSE: SAP), today announced the appointment of Arlen Shenkman as chief financial officer of SAP North America. In his new role, Shenkman will become a member of the SAP North America Leadership team, as well as part of the leadership team of the SAP global finance and field finance teams. He will be based in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, the SAP North America headquarters. Previously, Shenkman served as global head of SAP Corporate Development. In this role since 2012, Shenkman has been a driving force in SAP’s strategic investments, as well as public and private acquisitions. Shenkman played a lead role in seven major SAP acquisitions, including BusinessObjects, Sybase, Ariba, SuccessFactors, hybris, Fieldglass and, most recently, Concur. “We are thrilled that Arlen will be joining SAP North America’s leadership team,” said Jen Morgan, president of SAP North America. “He’s been a key architect of our growth strategy over the last several years and his leadership skills, experience at SAP and deep knowledge of our customers and partners make him uniquely qualified to help lead our region into the future.” Prior to joining SAP in 2002, Shenkman was senior corporate counsel at IKON, responsible for public financial reporting matters, including Security Exchange Commission and New York Stock Exchange compliance. At IKON, Shenkman also was responsible for corporate audit matters and risk management. Early in his career, he was the co-founder and chief executive officer of JobMarket.com, an online career center, which he sold in 2001. Shenkman holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from George Washington University and a Juris Doctor Degree from the University of Miami School of Law. He has also completed the London Business School Finance Programme and attended the Fox School of Business at Temple University MBA program. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Andy Kendzie, +1 (202) 312-3919, andy.kendzie@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
SAP and City Football Group Take “The Beautiful Game” Into the Cloud
