SAP Bridges the Gap with Total Workforce Management
November 10, 2015 by SAP News
ROME — SAP SE (NYSE) today announced a new capability designed to provide organizations with insight to better manage and optimize their total workforce of permanent and external workers. The new product integration between SuccessFactors, an SAP company and a leader in cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions, and Fieldglass, a leading vendor management system (VMS) provider that is now part of SAP, bridges the gap between full-time employees and external workers by breaking down the siloes between human resources (HR) and procurement. This allows companies to manage their total workforce under a single, centralized capability. This announcement was made at SuccessConnect Europe, being held November 9–11 in Rome. “At SuccessFactors, we believe success is simply human,” said Mike Ettling, president of SuccessFactors. “The use of contingent labor has not followed its traditional path — as the economy has picked up globally, it’s increasing rather than decreasing. Having a full view of all workers gives companies a huge advantage into where their top talent is, and also enables teams to be more successful by better connecting people across the business. With SuccessFactors and Fieldglass, SAP combines powerful HR and procurement solutions to enable our customers to manage their total workforce.” As the workforce experiences rapid growth of nontraditional, contingent labor, companies are adapting their people strategies to this new world of work. According to Workforce 2020, a recent study from Oxford Economics and SAP, 83 percent of HR executives intend to hire more contingent employees in the next three years. The rise in “flexible” employment presents challenges to companies in understanding, managing and optimizing their total workforce. SAP enables HR leaders to include external workers in select HR processes. Users are now able to upload data from Fieldglass into contingent profiles in the SAP® SuccessFactors® Employee Central solution, making them visible to everyone in the organization through people searches and organizational charts. Another integration between Fieldglass and the SAP SuccessFactors Workforce Analytics solution allows companies to combine employee and contingent worker data to gain transparency and to answer key questions about their talent. Lack of insight can restrict the capacity to act on workforce challenges — the integration between HCM and services procurement solutions from SAP enables companies to break down siloes and gain insights on all of their workers to help achieve business goals. Potential benefits from SAP’s total workforce management capability include:  Maximized engagement, collaboration and productivity across all talent by applying HR practices and select talent processes to the contingent workforce Linkage between traditional and nontraditional workforce data — providing crucial and actionable insight into the total workforce and mitigating risks Direct integration between human capital and services procurement solutions — helping companies to obtain better visibility into all talent, better alignment of present and future business needs with the right resources, and better business results  “Today’s workforce is more ‘blended’ than ever before,” said Christopher J. Dwyer, research director of Ardent Partners, a leading research and advisory firm. “Nearly 35 percent of the total global workforce is comprised of nonemployee talent, with that figure expected to grow steadily in the years ahead. As such, it is critical for businesses to develop ‘total workforce management’ programs that can effectively manage all enterprise talent under a single, centralized banner of systems and capabilities. ‘Total workforce management’ can revolutionize how both traditional and nontraditional talent is managed by improving visibility into total enterprise talent (regardless of its source) and enabling superior alignment of business needs and projects with required skill sets and expertise. Integration of contingent workforce and human capital management systems is an ideal ‘first step’ in building this type of program.” For more information on total workforce management from SuccessFactors and SAP, click here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SuccessFactors on Twitter at @SuccessFactors, Fieldglass at @FieldglassInc, and SAP at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 296,100 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Geraldine Lim, SAP, +1 (951) 318-3494, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PT Stephanie Degenais, Fieldglass, +1 (312) 279-8081, stephanie.degenais@sap.com, CT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
