May 13, 2016 by SAP News
NEWTOWN SQUARE, Pa. — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that Diane Rinaldo has been appointed director of U.S. Government Relations. Rinaldo will focus on cybersecurity, privacy, data protection and other data policy issues. Rinaldo brings with her many years of experience at the forefront of cybersecurity and privacy policy in the U.S. Congress, having most recently worked for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence where she managed the cybersecurity and technology portfolio and led the committee’s cybersecurity legislation in Congress. The Cybersecurity Act was signed into law in December 2015. She is the former deputy chief of staff and legislative director for U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers (R-MI) and also served on the staff of U.S. Senator Olympia Snowe (R-ME). “Diane brings substantive knowledge, enormous energy and great enthusiasm to our U.S. Government Relations team,” said Kevin Richards, SAP vice president and head of U.S. Government Relations. “Her unparalleled experience at the forefront of cybersecurity and privacy policy in the U.S. Congress, including a deep knowledge of the legislative process, a thoughtful approach to the complex cybersecurity landscape and exceptional relationships on Capitol Hill, will bring tremendous benefits to SAP as we navigate the challenging public policy environment.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Sarah McKay, +1 (203) 918-6081, sarah.mckay@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Raises Dividend to 1.15 Euro
