SAP Recognized for Excellence in Interface Design with Another Red Dot Design Award
November 9, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the SAP Medical Research Insights solution, a real-time analytics tool for cancer research, won the sought-after Red Dot Award: Communication Design 2015 in the Interface Design category. The international jury judged 7,451 entries, and SAP received a Red Dot award recognizing outstanding creative achievements. The award was presented at the Red Dot Gala 2015 ceremony held in Berlin on November 6. SAP was also recently awarded the Red Dot Award: Design Concept 2015 for its next-generation SAP Fiori user experience design concept. “This Red Dot Award is an exciting recognition because it showcases how the combination of design and industry-leading business software results in innovation that gives doctors and researchers the right tools to deal with the ever-increasing information complexity in their domain,” said Sam Yen, chief design officer for SAP. “It also highlights the design and co-innovation process we perform with our customers. By using design thinking, we are able to help organizations focus on human needs to reimagine current practices and achieve great innovations in their digital transformation.” The Red Dot Design Award is one of the world’s largest and most distinguished competitions. For 60 years, the Design Zentrum Nordrhein Westfalen has honored excellence in design. The name and brand of the competition, which today is internationally well known, were developed in the 1990s by Prof. Dr. Peter Zec. The sought-after Red Dot established itself as a recognized seal of quality and is awarded in the disciplines of Product Design, Design Concept and Communication Design. Designing a simple solution that works well for professionals such as doctors and researchers is challenging. SAP teamed up with the German National Center for Tumor Diseases (NCT), a leading comprehensive cancer center in Heidelberg, Germany, to work on the design of an innovative solution to help beat cancer. Using human-centered design and industry-leading engineering, SAP and NCT were able to define a simple and intuitive user experience for SAP Medical Research Insights, powered by SAP HANA. By rethinking the complex and time-consuming processes for doctors, researchers and other medical staff, SAP Medical Research Insights aims to help eliminate manual activities and provide faster access to patient data, easy comparison of patient profiles and better search capabilities to result in better, more personalized treatment options for patients. “We are now able to extract and analyze data from various sources and present it to physicians and researchers in a way that enables surprising new insights,” said Prof. Dr. Christof Von Kalle, NCT. In addition to the Red Dot Award, SAP Medical Research Insights has won other awards and recognition across numerous disciplines, including a Strategy &amp; Research Professional Notable Award at the Core77 Design Awards 2014, the German Design Award 2015 in the category “Excellent Communications Design – Interactive User Experience,” the iF Design Award 2015 and the “Germany—Land of Ideas 2015” initiative. Additionally, SAP was a finalist at the Interaction Awards 2015.  To learn more about SAP’s design approach and SAP Medical Research Insights, click here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Andrea Kaufmann, +1 (610) 299-7245, andrea.kaufmann@sap.com, ET Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
