Insight-Driven Universities Go Fully Digital on the SAP HANA Platform
October 27, 2015 by SAP News
INDIANAPOLIS — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced at EDUCAUSE 2015 that the SAP HANA platform is making rapid inroads at postsecondary institutions worldwide. Applications in academia of the in-memory capabilities of SAP HANA for analytics and modeling were immediately obvious and intuitive — for example, in cancer research. SAP HANA and SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA) suite form a digital core that can also improve customer experience, business processes, workforce engagement, supplier collaboration and Internet of Things (IoT) integration in addition to aiding processing-intensive research. For example:  The Swiss Federal Institute of Technology at Zurich (ETH Zurich), one of the leading international universities for technology and the natural sciences, recently selected SAP S/4HANA as the first step in its digital transformation journey for its finance, human resources, logistics and business warehouse systems. ETH Zurich plans to replace all its Oracle databases with SAP HANA databases by mid-2016. Weill Cornell Medicine, one of the world’s most recognized medical schools, has selected SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud to support its three-fold mission: teaching, medical research and patient care. To drive fundraising in the digital economy, Duke University has partnered with SAP to successfully develop the SAP Fundraising Management application, based on Duke’s best practices. The university is now running SAP Fundraising Management on SAP HANA to leverage the benefits of integrated real-time management of financial data. In May 2015, Japan’s Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology selected the SAP HANA platform to centralize all IT operations, with plans to migrate finance and human resources in the near future.  “Especially since the launch of SAP S/4 HANA, university CIOs are imagining the possibilities of an integrated, fully digitized operation with the SAP HANA platform at the core,” said Malcolm Woodfield, global vice president, Higher Education and Research, SAP. “With integrated end-user software such from Ariba, Concur, hybris and SAP SuccessFactors solutions, institutions will see significant efficiencies and savings as they digitally streamline processes.” SAP also announced that Regina Kunkle will join the Global Public Services team as vice president, State/Local Government and Higher Education, in part to help customers in education realize the benefits of the SAP HANA platform across research, operations and instruction. Join SAP Live at EDUCAUSE 2015 Please join SAP’s Malcolm Woodfield and the University of Kentucky’s Vince Kellen for a presentation titled “Next-Generation Digitization: Creating an Insight-Driven University,” a survey of how universities can go fully digital, on Thursday, October 29, at 2:40 p.m. in Meeting Room 201-202 at the Indiana Convention Center. SAP representatives can be found at Booth #1618 throughout the event. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Mat Small, +1 (510) 684-3552, m.small@sap.com, PT Erin Albright, FleishmanHillard, +1 (212) 453-2344, erin.albright@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
