February 19, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF —  SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced a new mobile solution to simplify direct store delivery (DSD). Developed to address the issues currently hampering DSD performance, the SAP Direct Store Delivery mobile solution helps consumer products companies solve the challenges of lack of access to real-time data, limited role and process optimization, and poor route planning. Companies using the DSD mobile solution can materially boost top- and bottom-line performance by reducing costs and increasing revenues. SAP Direct Store Delivery combines both sales and logistics process requirements for sales, sales management and other related roles. It orchestrates the complex process of selling and distributing goods directly to the final point of sale. It also manages sales representatives’ activities including visit planning, preselling, van selling, taking sales orders and returns, pricing and promotions, audits and surveys, credit checks and performing mixed roles. While strategies and tactics vary by customer, brand and channel, SAP Direct Store Delivery can manage the entire sales process from start to finish. “The DSD sales process is a complex one for consumer products companies, who must contend with varying requirements for price, merchandising, promotion and order management across any number of retailers and formats,” said E. J. Kenney, senior vice president, global head of Consumer Products, SAP. “With SAP Direct Store Delivery, sales and logistics process requirements run more simply, helping ensure a more efficient operation for delivering products to retailers.” Learn more  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SAP_CP. Media Contact: Stacy Ries, +1 (484) 619-0411, stacy.ries@sap.com, EST Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
National Hockey League Selects SAP to Transform Hockey from the Back Office to the Ice
