WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the Snohomish County Public Utility District (PUD) is one of the first SAP global clients to consolidate several on-premise solutions using SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA software. With SAP, Snohomish County PUD gains a more sophisticated view of its assets, enabling the utility to improve operational efficiency and deliver safe, reliable and cost-effective services to its customers. The Snohomish County PUD supplies electricity to 327,000 customers and water to 19,000 customers in northwest Washington. The organization is the second largest public utility in the Pacific Northwest and the 12th largest in the country. It is also a recognized leader in tidal and geothermal research as well as regional conservation. In March 2014, Snohomish County PUD initiated a project — dubbed the ONE program — to simplify and improve its business processes. In September 2015 the project went live, and the utility has witnessed a positive change in reliability and speed. With multiple innovative solutions from SAP now in place, the organization expects to see significant long-term impacts in:  Improving business user productivity Simplifying the business user experience Spurring product innovation Reporting results in real time  “SAP is dedicated to helping our customers run simpler so they can continue to grow their businesses and exceed their customers’ expectations,” said Lloyd Adams, national vice president, SAP for Utilities. “We are pleased that the Snohomish County PUD has trusted us to help consolidate its landscape onto a single real-time enterprise platform, and we look forward to helping it continue its trajectory of growth.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Jason Grosse, +1 (415) 694-8554, jason.grosse@sap.com, PT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
SAP Hosts Press Conference and Financial Analyst and Investor Conference from SAPPHIRE NOW
May 16, 2016 by SAP News
