April 19, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced SAP Health Engagement, a new solution to connect patients directly to physicians and health program managers. The solution gives health providers, health insurers and pharmaceutical companies the ability to build custom applications to help patients track their health through goal setting, as well as pull personalized assessments for chronic diseases and conditions. By directly linking patients to healthcare professionals with real-time data and high-speed analytics, the technology will let physicians and health program managers make early interventions to improve health outcomes and will help lower healthcare-related costs later in life. “SAP is advancing technology that improves people’s lives and places them at the center of care,” said Werner Eberhardt, general manager of personalized medicine, SAP. “The SAP Health Engagement solution enables healthcare companies to develop applications that help patients manage chronic conditions, offer personalized home care and engage patients in clinical trials. When they have a 24×7 connection to their doctors, patients can more effectively partner with healthcare professionals on managing their health.” As a precursor to SAP Health Engagement, SAP partnered with Roche Diabetes Care Germany to develop SAP Health Link, a solution that can help to prevent diabetes. It intends to enable healthcare professionals to connect through digital services with patients at risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) and thus accompany these patients on their journey to lifestyle change. Based on the learning from this partnership and feedback from a broad range of customers, SAP Health Engagement was created to offer a flexible development toolkit that can be used to create applications tailored to any chronic disease or condition. Such applications can also address clinical-trial patient engagement and personalized home care. “In principle this platform has the potential to improve and individualize the cooperation between physicians and patients for any kind of chronic disease,” said Dirk Uebelhör, head of Roche Diabetes Care Germany. Capturing Patient-Generated Data  SAP Health Engagement captures patient-generated and wearable sensor data in a mobile application and securely synchronizes the data in near real time. Wearable sensor data can be integrated into the application using Bluetooth through, for example, Apple HealthKit or native integration. Customers can easily be onboarded by scanning a unique QR code using the mobile applications, automatically allowing data to be pulled from the back-end database into the mobile device. Transmitting and Storing Secure Health Information SAP Health Engagement, built on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, allows for high-speed, in-memory data analyses for research purposes. This helps ensure rapid creation of new hypotheses under stringent conditions that support the highest standards of data security and privacy. The solution gives patients full control of their personal health data, giving them the ability to decide who will have access to this information. Simplifying Program Management Program managers can create customized managed wellness programs, which encourage and improve self-care. These programs help patients live a healthy lifestyle through use of a mobile healthcare consumer application and collection of the necessary (anonymized) data to drive insights for better research. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @SAP_Healthcare or @sapnews. Video: Digital Transformation – Healthcare  About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Andrea Kaufmann, SAP, +1 (610) 299-7245, andrea.kaufmann@sap.com, ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Stephanie Fraser, Sr. Media Relations Director, Amendola Communications, +1 (734) 233-1483, sfraser@acmarketingpr.com, ET  Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Offers Enhanced Support with New On-Premise Edition of SAP Preferred Care for SAP Enterprise Support
