WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that it has been positioned as a leader in Forrester Research Inc’s “The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Data Virtualization, Q1 2015”* report. The report evaluated data virtualization and integration products from SAP and recognized it as a leader. According to the Forrester report “The data virtualization market is growing because more EA [enterprise architecture] pros see data virtualization as a way to address the demand for trusted and secure data in real-time. This market growth is partly due to enterprise architects increasing trust of data virtualization providers to act as strategic partners, advising them on key decisions.” Additionally, the report states “Unlike other vendors, SAP offers a strong distributed in-memory SAP Hana [SAP HANA] data platform that can store, process, and access data to support low-latency driven applications and real-time insights. The combination of SAP Hana in-memory data fabric for on-premises and cloud, as well as its data management services, SAP Enterprise Information Management delivers a real-time data platform that allows integrating data from many sources quickly, and performing transactional, operational, and analytical workloads in the same platform.” “New use cases, like Big Data, Internet of Things (IoT) and social media analytics are driving opportunities for companies that can leverage data-driven insights in real time to respond to customer preferences, identify operational efficiencies and create completely new business models,” said Philip On, vice president, Enterprise Information Management, SAP. “We believe the Forrester Wave result affirms SAP’s leadership in the enterprise data virtualization space. SAP provides comprehensive enterprise information management solutions that help organizations to integrate data from any source or application, organize and improve it, then provide it to users or devices.” The latest release of SAP HANA, service pack 9 (SPS09) helps customers run simpler by offering a single SAP HANA platform that also includes smart data integration and smart data quality for data provisioning, transformations, cleansing and enrichment. SAP solutions for enterprise information management (EIM) can be deployed on-premise, in the cloud or in a combined hybrid landscape to help make information ready for action in support of analytics, Big Data, IoT, business process and compliance initiatives. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, EDT *Forrester Research Inc., “The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Data Virtualization, Q1 2015” Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Recommends a Dividend of €1.10 per Share – Year-Over-Year Increase of 10%
March 19, 2015 by SAP News
