SAP Powers a New Digital Golf Experience for Fans at the 2015 Solheim Cup
August 3, 2015 by SAP News
ST. LEON-ROT — To provide a breakthrough digital golf experience at the 2015 Solheim Cup, being held at the Golf Club St. Leon-Rot from September 18-20, SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) has further enhanced the official Solheim Cup 2015 mobile app powered by SAP HANA. Enabling fans to access tournament information, including real-time match and scoring details, prediction game challenges, venue details, team and player profiles, easily and interactively via a single visually rich app, the mobile app will support all fans in being informed, entertained and involved like never before at the three-day, bi-annual tournament, which will see Europe’s best female golfers compete against 12 best female players from the U.S. “This presents a perfect opportunity for SAP to bring Solheim Cup fans as close to the action as possible,” said Chris Burton, group vice president, Global Sponsorships, SAP. As the official technology partner of one of the most prestigious tournaments in women’s golf, SAP will also enable real-time insights for spectators following the broadcast on TV through enhanced TV graphics, such as ball flights, distance between the ball and the hole or wind situations to provide an on screen experience never seen before. Detailed comparisons between the players throughout the tournament will set a new benchmark for viewer friendly analytics in the world of golf. Golf fans onsite will also get to experience the power of Big Data and next-generation analytics in action by participating in the “Longest Drive” Showcase. Powered by SAP HANA, the interactive demo will show how data from wearables and sensor technologies collecting information on distance, power and efficiency can generate game-changing insights. “One hundred thousand visitors and fans are expected to attend the event at St. Leon-Rot Golf Club. In addition to experiencing a top-class international sporting event, fans will also have the chance to actively drive and enjoy a fully digital fan experience,” said Eicko Schulz-Hanßen, managing director, St. Leon-Rot Golf Club. “It is very exciting to see how digital technology has transformed the fan experience for both golf fans and spectators who have never set foot on a golf course before”. The Solheim Cup 2015 mobile app is available for download from iTunes or Google Play Store For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Iris Eidling-Kasper, +49 (6227) 7 65797, iris.eidling-kasper@sap.com, CET Bonnie Rothenstein, +1 (610) 661-8867, bonnie.rothenstein@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
