SAP Innovations Enable Digital Transformation in Asset Management
April 25, 2016 by SAP News
HANNOVER — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) has introduced SAP Asset Intelligence Network and the SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service solution to help equipment manufacturers, service providers and asset operators benefit from the Internet of Things as the proliferation of sensors and smart devices transforms asset management. These two innovations provide the applications and the business network necessary to enable new insights and the ability for all stakeholders in asset management to move from a reactive to a more proactive approach. The announcement was made at Hannover Messe 2016, a leading trade fair for industry technology, being held April 25–29. “We are now at a point where business challenges such as balancing cost, risk and performance meet technology enablers like in-memory analytics and cloud-based platforms for collaboration to initiate a quantum leap in operational excellence,” said Hans Thalbauer, senior vice president, Extended Supply Chain, SAP. “Connectivity across the Internet of Things is helping machines talk to business information systems, and our new offerings provide the network and ability to take insight to outcome, creating a completely new digital asset lifecycle.” SAP Asset Intelligence Network Helps Ensure Data Quality in Product and Asset Lifecycle SAP Asset Intelligence Network offers a single, global register of model and equipment information. The network provides a secure cloud platform to connect multiple business partners for inter- and intra-company collaboration in a central clearinghouse and communications hub. Using a cloud-based portal sharing standardized content helps ensure a consistent definition among business partners. “I expect that every device we manufacture at Endress+Hauser is automatically available with all relevant lifecycle information in the SAP systems of our customers,” said Klaus Endress, president of the Supervisory Board, Endress + Hauser. “Appropriate information at the needed time is of unimaginable value because this improves the efficiency and therefore the results of the entire company.” SAP Asset Intelligence Network permits SAP S/4HANA to facilitate business-to-business integration for asset data. With a common definition of equipment, greater transparency and common data, the network provides not only the collaboration platform for asset-related information but also the business context for predictive maintenance and service. Advanced analytics information for identifying and understanding trends can be shared across the network, and it is possible to notify both manufacturers and operators about imminent shortfalls or failures.  		 		 			 				 			 				 				The easy-to-use, role-based interface of SAP Asset Intelligence Network is enabled by the SAP Fiori user experience and accessible by mobile device. See more detail on the SAP Asset Intelligence Network at  www.sap.com/ain or the blog here. 				 			 				 			 				 				The easy-to-use, role-based interface of SAP Asset Intelligence Network is enabled by the SAP Fiori user experience and accessible by mobile device. See more detail on the SAP Asset Intelligence Network at  www.sap.com/ain . 				 			 		  SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service Cuts Costs, Boosts Reliability SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service is designed to help businesses decrease maintenance and service costs, while boosting availability and reliability of enterprise assets. Using predictive analytics on the SAP HANA platform, the solution processes vast amounts of real-time operational data from sensors and smart assets. SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service provides built-in capabilities that analyze sensor data and monitor equipment behavior remotely for businesses in asset-intensive industries as well as original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) offering new service business models for their customers. The solution provides predictive models for machine learning and closed-loop integration with business systems to trigger corrective actions in service and maintenance systems to avoid unplanned downtimes. “Being able to anticipate events and maintenance operations helps increase the efficiency and performance of our enterprise assets,” said Falko Lameter, CIO of Kaeser Kompressoren. “SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service enables us to align our products and services more closely with our customers’ use patterns and operating needs.” SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service enables rich visualizations of sensor and geospatial data. For more detail on SAP Predictive Maintenance and Service, visit sap.com and see the blog here. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 310,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: James Dever, +1 (610) 662 1341, james.dever@sap.com, ET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Kyle Tildsley, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502 4300, sapsc@pancomm,com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
