SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO  — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has extended the capabilities of one of its most popular talent management solutions, SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals, with the introduction of continuous performance management. Designed to solve some of the frequently cited issues of performance management programs, the new capabilities facilitate ongoing one-on-one check-ins between employees and managers to help ensure activities, accomplishments and goals stay on track throughout the year. “Companies are reinventing their performance management processes at a feverish pace, forcing HR technology providers to adapt,” said Josh Bersin, principal of Bersin by Deloitte, Deloitte Consulting LLP. “The addition of offerings like SAP SuccessFactors continuous performance management capabilities represents one of a new breed of tools which can help companies improve agility, alignment and employee engagement in today’s new world of work.” According to Deloitte, 48 percent of HR executives surveyed said performance management processes are “weak” in both driving business value and improving feedback and development. By focusing on the evaluation of past performance rather than impacting future performance, traditional performance management initiatives are often too reactive and rigid to enable a high-performing workforce. As part of the Q1 2016 SAP SuccessFactors release, SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals now includes continuous performance management capabilities that can invigorate and motivate both employees and managers with simple ways to help ensure alignment, feedback and coaching. “Like a number of HR functions, performance management has over time become cumbersome and overly complex — a dreaded annual event for many,” said Mike Ettling, president of SuccessFactors. “Technology today allows us to completely change this experience and more closely match the expectations and wants of most people in your business for more regular, meaningful conversations about performance. We’re used to sharing opinions and ideas across our personal networks; why shouldn’t we be able to engage more effectively within the workplace? I believe that when we focus on people, and support them in being successful — aided by today’s technology — ultimately the business is more successful.” By using continuous performance management within SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals:  Employees can take more ownership for their performance — document progress, capture achievements and stay aligned to business goals — to get the feedback and coaching required to perform and improve. Managers can get a complete view into what their teams are working on and provide regular and effective guidance to employees. HR can track the frequency of one-on-one conversations taking place within an organization, remind employees and managers to have performance conversations, and provide guidance on effective coaching.  “All generations in the workforce — not just millennials — request, and respond positively to, regular feedback that both recognizes outstanding performance and identifies areas of improvement,” said Megan Masoner Detz, senior vice president of Human Capital at NTT DATA Inc. “With continuous performance management, we now have the technology to facilitate these interactions. SAP SuccessFactors solutions continue to innovate with the ever-changing workforce. We see great potential in this tool to help drive talent development and business execution.” “We are committed to improving patient lives through medical innovation, which requires an engaged and motivated workforce,” said David Chin, CHRO at Biosensors International Group. “With the implementation of SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals, we are already seeing higher employee performance and greater levels of employee satisfaction. Our employees want ongoing feedback on performance, and our managers want more tools to help them guide employee development. We anticipate these new continuous performance management capabilities will help align individual objectives with corporate priorities, and really help drive business growth.” SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals has been a trusted talent management solution for companies of all sizes, across all regions and industries. Recognized for industry leadership, SAP SuccessFactors solutions continue to introduce new capabilities to meet the needs of an increasingly digital workforce. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @SuccessFactors and @sapnews. Learn More  About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 300,000 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Geraldine Lim, SAP, +1 (415) 418-0945, geraldine.lim@sap.com, PT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Adam Novak, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502-4300, sap@pancomm.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.
SAP Certified as One of the Top Employers Europe 2016
February 15, 2016 by SAP News
