SAP Unveils New Solution for Product Lifecycle Costing, powered by SAP HANA, Designed to Improve Profitability
September 30, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today unveiled its new SAP Product Lifecycle Costing solution. This stand-alone offering, which is powered by SAP HANA, can be connected to ERP solutions and any other business system using existing data to create better pricing information for an initial product cost estimate. It is part of the SAP solution strategy for the extended supply chain, a holistic business approach to managing the entire lifecycle of a product, with connected processes in design, manufacturing, logistics and service. Manufacturing companies are facing increasing pressure to provide innovative, customer-driven products and quotations at competitive prices. Lack of product visibility early in the quoting process has typically resulted in profitability losses downstream, when the actual production order is priced. For some manufacturers, the variance between the quote and the production price results in profit losses counted in the millions of dollars. In manufacturing industries, product costing for new products is often performed using Microsoft Excel-based spreadsheets and not integrated into operating business systems like ERP, data for which is created at a later stage. The early phases of new product development involve a multitude of stakeholders who would benefit from visibility into ERP data as well as from a way to simplify the maintenance of an overwhelming maze of spreadsheets. Designed to drive profitability, SAP Product Lifecycle Costing allows companies to manage product costs and quotations for both new product innovations and customer-specific engineered products in line with strategic targets. In the early stages when the design is evolving and master data is incomplete, transparency and proactive management are critical to help secure future product margins. SAP Product Lifecycle Costing is designed as an end-to-end solution for early engineering, quotation and lifecycle costing. As such, it provides a high-performance, real-time calculation engine with a modern, dedicated and role-based user interface. It offers Excel-like configuration and can be personalized. The solution includes:  Flexible, hierarchical product-costing structures, with native integration with the SAP ERP application and product lifecycle management (PLM) data structures Open, standards-based application programming interface (API) for integrating with other applications What-if scenarios and analytics to support smart design, production, and supply chain and sourcing decisions based on alternative product structures, cost rates or quantities Standard SAP business application security, locking and versioning  With this broad set of functions, companies are now able to accurately calculate against target cost, mitigate financial risks, shorten quotation cycle, reduce time to market, shrink development costs and increase product profitability. SAP Product Lifecycle Costing was built together with 30 co-innovation customers who helped design and shape the solution in a true design-thinking experience. “SAP’s approach is to support the design-to-profitability paradigm in the best way possible while giving engineers the freedom to create new products by not hindering them with premature business data needs,” said Hans Thalbauer, senior vice president for the Extended Supply Chain, SAP. “It is no longer a question of who owns or creates the data, but how to enable all stakeholders to work together in that early stage. The ability to deliver your products faster than anybody else is a key differentiator. In our opinion, future economic success will rely on early insights into profitability to mitigate risks and identify alternatives early on. Only by optimizing the entire design process will manufacturers be able to deliver better products faster and at lower cost.” SAP Product Lifecycle Costing will be showcased at the International SAP Conference on Product Lifecycle Management, being held on October 1–2 in Darmstadt, Germany. SAP Product Lifecycle Costing is now available for early-adoption customers as part of the SAP Ramp-Up program. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SCMatSAP. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
