SAP Announces SAP S/4HANA, On-Premise Edition Trial
July 28, 2015 by SAP News
2015 — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that customers can now experience the next-generation business suite SAP Business Suite 4 SAP HANA (SAP S/4HANA) thanks to a 30-day trial offer for the on-premise edition. The trial software covers end-to-end digitized business processes in finance, procurement, sales, manufacturing and more to let customers discover the value of instant business insight. In addition, customers will enjoy the simplicity of the new SAP Fiori user experience combined with powerful visualizations to analyze the business across multiple dimensions. The trial offers a complete demo guide, examples of typical installation and infrastructure features and up-and-running landscapes to mirror real-life scenarios. “The trial allows users to touch and feel the simplicity of SAP S/4HANA combined with real-time insight to help our customers drive their digital business transformation at their pace,” said Elvira Wallis, senior vice president of Scale, Enablement and Transformation, SAP. SAP S/4HANA is the next-generation business suite fully built on the advanced in-memory computing technology of the SAP HANA platform and designed with the new SAP Fiori user experience. SAP S/4HANA makes possible instant insight across lines of business and industries with the ultimate sophistication: simplicity. The new suite serves as a digital business foundation to help customers run simple in the digital economy. Once customers experience the SAP S/4HANA, on-premise edition trial, they can leverage the SAP Activate consumption experience for a completely streamlined adoption experience in the cloud, on-premise or in a hybrid mode. SAP Activate offers a simple consumption experience for SAP S/4 HANA along the customer journey by providing a powerful combination of guided configuration, SAP Best Practices packages and implementation methodology. The SAP Best Practices for SAP S/4HANA package, a key component of SAP Activate, allows trial users to utilize the ready-to-run processes shipped with SAP S4/HANA, or they can create their own best practices for a well-rounded, customized experience. For customers who prefer the cloud deployment option, SAP S/4HANA, cloud edition trial, is available. For additional information on SAP S/4HANA, on-premise edition trial, please visit http://go.sap.com/cmp/oth/crm-s4hana/s4hana-on-premise.html. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
