May 16, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that the LeadershipGarage research program and the Americas’ SAP Users’ Group (ASUG) are collaborating with SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation to help business leaders run live in the digital era. “We are pleased to launch a collaboration with LeadershipGarage and ASUG, and highlight opportunities for SAP customers to benefit from executive education on digital transformation,” said Dr. Bernd Welz, executive vice president and global head of Scale, Enablement, and Transformation, SAP. “With strategic collaborations like these, SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation now offers customers even more opportunities to create a truly digital enterprise and take their innovation strategies to the next level.” SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation is an initiative to connect executives and professionals and help them prepare to lead their organizations through the digital transformation in collaboration with academia and partners. Leaders and professionals acquire skills to identify opportunities in the digital economy to improve customer experiences, prepare their workforces and optimize supply chains. They gain access to data to help predict the future and proactively adjust to changing conditions. SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation provides learning opportunities for business leaders and IT professionals, including a forum to collaborate with peers and experts and strengthen skill sets needed in the digital economy. The network provides courses offered by SAP as well as relevant content and events from universities, such as dedicated executive education programs and innovation workshops. Offerings include classroom events and cloud-based learning offered through SAP Learning Hub, the openSAP platform offering massive open online course (MOOC) and courses for thought leaders. “Leadership in Digital Transformation” is a thought leader course offered through the openSAP platform that shows business leaders and IT professionals how they can achieve digital transformation. Focus is on changing the way a company creates value, interacts with customers and business partners and competes in established and emerging markets. “The collaboration between LeadershipGarage and SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation is an incredible opportunity to connect business leaders and IT executives in a comprehensive community, which will develop their skills for the digital transformation,” said Prof. Dr. Sabine Remdisch, head of Institute of Performance Management, Leuphana University, and visiting researcher at Stanford University. “ASUG is thrilled to partner with SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation, where we can contribute thought leadership content from the new ASUG Digital Transformation Program,” said Geoff Scott, CEO, ASUG. “Together we can foster an important dialog with the entire SAP ecosystem that will help SAP customers and ASUG members get in front of digital transformation.” SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation works with learning materials from SAP, partners and the SAP University Alliances network. It also enriches learning experiences for network participants through digital transformation info days at universities, incubator trips to innovation hubs in Silicon Valley and innovation days at SAP locations. Together with academia and a digital transformation alumni network, it enables executives and professionals to share and collaborate on insights and best practices to accelerate their digital transformation journeys. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @sap_ua. Media Contact: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Hilmar Schepp, +49 (6227) 746799, hilmar.schepp@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Names Diane Rinaldo to U.S. Government Relations Group
