Mobile EAM Apps from SAP Now Optimized for Windows
April 13, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that mobile enterprise asset management (EAM) apps from SAP, such as SAP Work Manager and SAP Inventory Manager, running on Windows devices have been enhanced for Windows 7, 8 and 8.1. This results in a simplified navigation throughout the mobile apps, making workers more productive and accurate as they maintain assets. A sampling of the enhancements that leverage the Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) includes simpler and larger input fields, improved drop-down menus and a touch-capable calendar. This announcement was made at Hannover Messe, being held April 13–17 in Hannover, Germany. “With our full spectrum of mobile enterprise application management applications, we are committed to offering our customers the best possible experience by allowing them to run their mobile apps on the latest Windows operating systems,” said Rick Costanzo, executive vice president and general manager, Telco Industry and Mobility Solutions, SAP. “We are continuing to invest in our customers’ mobile application requirements to help them simplify their businesses.” “We are delighted that SAP has enhanced its mobile enterprise asset management applications for Windows,” said Jon Arnold, managing director, Worldwide Power and Utilities Industry at Microsoft. “Organizations across all industries are looking to transform their approach to plant and field services, and the flexibility of the Windows touch environment across devices coupled with SAP’s industry-leading EAM applications makes for a winning combination to greatly improve business performance.” EAM apps from SAP have been optimized based on Windows Presentation Foundation, a graphical subsystem for rendering user interfaces in Windows-based applications by Microsoft. The extensibility of the EAM apps has also been improved with an Open Scan software development kit (SDK) that is now part of SAP Mobile Platform 3.0. Using the SDK, customers are able to simply enhance these apps by adding alternate input tools such as bar code scanners, thermometers, calipers and other device features directly within the client. This enables customers and partners to use these apps on most consumer and ruggedized Microsoft devices. Together, Microsoft and SAP are producing cloud, mobile and interoperability solutions that will also be displayed the first week of May 2015 at both the SAPPHIRE NOW conference in Orlando and Microsoft Ignite conference in Chicago. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT Sarah McKay, FleishmanHillard, +1 (203) 918 6081, sarah.mckay@fleishman.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
