NEW YORK — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced a major milestone in its mission to help small and midsize enterprises (SMEs) run simple by logging its 50,000th customer of the SAP Business One application. The customer, North America–based iMerchandise LLC, is a prime example of the kinds of SMEs that have turned to SAP Business One in huge numbers to deliver better customer experiences and business results with holistic and integrated enterprise resource planning (ERP) software. With more than 50,000 customers, SAP Business One is one of the most widely adopted SAP software products. Businesses have continued to show steady interest in SAP Business One, with its ranks growing by roughly 18 new customers per day. In the past 12 months, more than 5,000 businesses have selected SAP Business One as their ERP solution. The announcement was made at the SAP SME Summit being held in New York City on Nov. 10, 2015. According to a survey of small and midsize enterprises released today by Knowledge@Wharton and SAP, almost three-quarters (72 percent) of leaders and team members say business complexity has hurt efforts to meet process and decision-making goals. Technology complexity was clearly cited as the culprit by 58 percent. SAP Business One provides the real-time visibility into the business that helps SMEs offer even better service to their customers and support growth. As SMEs focus on growing and navigating their digital transformation, an increasing number of them are selecting SAP Business One to establish a unified view of all their vital business information and gain competitive advantage. The reasons for iMerchandise’s selection of SAP Business One highlight many of the benefits the application can deliver to such a business. As a vertically integrated e-commerce company offering 110,000 products across more than 25 online channels worldwide, iMerchandise is a leader in sports, music, entertainment and lifestyle merchandise. In 2014, it fulfilled nearly 1 million e-commerce orders, with the vast majority shipped out within 24 hours. The combination of customer demands, high order volume and a complex, global supply chain led iMerchandise to consider replacing a legacy system with an ERP solution that could integrate its business information more effectively. One objective was to produce reports the company could trust. “We want to give our customers a great e-commerce experience, which means quickly delivering a great product,” said Glenn Morelli, president, iMerchandise. “We fulfill close to 2,000 orders every day, and to do that we really need a solution that integrates with our production fulfillment facilities, while delivering critical inventory and sales data. SAP Business One will give us that invaluable single view. With the efficiencies we expect to realize and the ability to operate in real time with SAP Business One, we anticipate gaining help to grow our business by 25 percent in the coming year.” SAP Business One offers SMEs an affordable way to manage their entire digital business – from sales and customer relationships to financials and operations. Designed with flexibility in mind and running on the SAP HANA platform, SAP Business One is offered in more than 27 languages, is used in over 150 countries, and can be deployed in cloud, on-premise or hybrid environments. SAP continues to enhance the features of SAP Business One, most recently adding the option for SMEs to run the SAP Business One Cloud solution powered by SAP HANA at data centers run by SAP. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Angelika Merz, +41 (58) 871-7216, angelika.merz@sap.com, CET Nate Hubbell, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0531, nate.hubbell@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Accelerates Market Adoption and Customer Innovation for the Internet of Things
November 18, 2015 by SAP News
