WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that it has been positioned by Gartner Inc. in the Leaders Quadrant of the November 2015 “Magic Quadrant for Data Quality Tools”* report. SAP received industry leadership recognition in the report for its “ability to execute” and its “completeness of vision.” The evaluation marks SAP’s tenth consecutive year as a leader in the Magic Quadrant for DQ Tools. SAP solutions for enterprise information management (EIM) can help companies manage Big Data for better insights, govern data proactively across the organization and ensure trustworthy information for smarter decisions. As part of the portfolio of EIM solutions, data quality solutions from SAP can deliver accurate, trustworthy and timely information across an enterprise. With these solutions, companies can profile, cleanse, enrich and match customer, product, supplier and material data to improve efficiency of business processes and analytical initiatives. According to the Gartner report, “Digital business and disruptive technologies continue to fuel solid growth in the data quality tools market, alongside traditional cost reduction and process optimization efforts. This Magic Quadrant will help CIOs, chief data officers and information leaders find the best vendor for their needs.” “SAP fully recognizes that the use of digital technologies is creating massive volumes of data and also opening new business opportunities for companies that want to leverage information as a corporate asset,” said Philip On, vice president, Enterprise Information Management, SAP. “When carefully managed, thoughtfully governed, strategically used and sensibly controlled, data can be transformative. SAP solutions for EIM give companies the ability to tap into the potential of their data and unlock its value to find ways to win and drive market disruption.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET *Gartner Inc., “Magic Quadrant for Data Quality Tools,” November 18, 2015, by Saul Judah and Ted Friedman Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SuccessFactors Names Yvette Cameron Global Vice President of Strategy
December 7, 2015 by SAP News
