SAP Delivers Customizable, Holistic Education Experience with SAP Learning Hub, User Adoption Edition
April 14, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the launch of SAP Learning Hub, user adoption edition, a learning offering encompassing the latest content, tools and services in one comprehensive subscription. This new edition expands the scope of SAP Learning Hub and enables organizations to train and enable their end users effectively. It features quick and easy customer learning content creation and sharing, as well as in-application guidance to provide on-the-job enablement within the application. As the central cloud-based learning environment from SAP, SAP Learning Hub continues to provide the latest learning content needed for using and working with SAP solutions and is now enhanced by additional tools and services. “With education constantly evolving, SAP Learning Hub provides the company’s professionals, customers and interested learners truly transformed training and education,” said Patrick M. Heffernan, principal analyst, Technology Business Research Inc. “With the new user adoption edition of SAP Learning Hub, SAP has created a holistic offering, driving efficient adoption to increase productivity. It incorporates the critical component of dynamic social learning, and also incorporates content and access to tools that allow the production of company-specific training, helping companies better leverage their investment in SAP technology and people.” SAP Learning Hub, user adoption edition, provides access to innovative tools for customized user learning experiences. It combines standard content from SAP with social learning elements and powerful learning management system features to create a unique experience for the user. In the new user adoption edition, ready-made training materials from SAP are available for users and can be combined with the user’s own training content and documentation. In addition, customers have the option to modify the materials through content services provided by SAP partners. This creates a clear, individualized learning path and curriculums. Through this integration, users can produce tailored training programs by generating their own content. “Through close examination of customer feedback, SAP is empowering users of SAP Learning Hub to define their individual training approach with the new SAP Learning Hub, user adoption edition,” said Jan Meyer, head of Learning Strategy, Business Development and Delivery Channels, SAP. “Through personalization and simplification of learning, we are helping our customers accelerate their time to value, increase company productivity and reduce total cost of adoption through effective, structured learning offerings.” In-application guidance, a new feature of the user adoption edition, helps users create a learning environment that is easier to navigate. It allows customers to learn at the moment of need within the relevant application by offering information, such as SAP and non-SAP training materials. This functionality improves user efficiency and allows for continuous self-study. Based on SAP Jam social software platform, the learning room functionality can offer various training materials for specific user groups, increase collaboration among learners and provide best-practice templates. Additionally, the user adoption edition of SAP Learning Hub provides the opportunity to enter private learning rooms led by the customer’s experts. With SAP Learning Hub, user adoption edition, corporate learning is simpler, faster and easier to navigate as a result of the combination of user-relevant content, SAP in-application support and ease of access to relevant information for customers’ specific business. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Martin Gwisdalla, SAP, +49 (6227) 7-67275, martin.gwisdalla@sap.com, CET Shauna Kelleher, FleishmanHillard, +1 (617) 692-0511, shauna.kelleher@fleishman.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
