SAP University Alliances Launches SAP Next-Gen Consulting to Tap Into Bright Young Minds for Innovation for the Digital World
November 10, 2015 by SAP News
BARCELONA— SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and the SAP University Alliances program announced the launch of the SAP Next-Gen Consulting program in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). SAP Next-Gen Consulting is a new strategic youth innovation initiative for the SAP ecosystem, enabling bright young minds to collaborate with SAP HR Early talent program participants,  the SAP University Alliances network and SAP partners. The announcement was made at SAP TechEd, being held November 10–12 in Barcelona, Spain. “SAP Next-Gen Consulting harnesses the creativity of today’s youth to disrupt how business is done,” said Dr. Bernd Welz, executive vice president and head of Scale, Enablement and Transformation, SAP SE. “The program enables innovative, smart solutions for the digital world, leveraging SAP’s latest technologies, with insights from the next generation of designers, developers and business leaders.” The first practice for SAP Next-Gen Consulting in the EMEA region will be located at the SAP headquarters in Walldorf, Germany, and will complement the practice in Palo Alto, California. Additionally, SAP University Alliances will conduct an SAP InnoJam event for participants in SAP Next-Gen Consulting, where students from universities located in Europe iwill compete for the opportunity to join SAP University Alliances at Mobile World Congress 2016 where they will showcase their design concepts and prototype apps in the “Run Simple in a Digital World with 5G” contest. The SAP University Alliances program is a global initiative that builds the next generation of talent for the digital world and drives innovation from universities to the SAP ecosystem. At more than 2,400 institutions in 90 countries, SAP University Alliances works with faculty to develop highly qualified graduates with critical skills for the 21st century workforce. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @sap_ua. Media Contact: Susan Miller, SAP, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
