SAP Names Lori Mitchell-Keller Global General Manager of Consumer Industries
October 5, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) recently announced the appointment of Lori Mitchell-Keller as global general manager of the Consumer Industries organization. Mitchell-Keller will be responsible for the Consumer Industries footprint at SAP, which covers four industries globally. Mitchell-Keller will report directly to Pat Bakey, president of Industry Cloud. In her new role, Mitchell-Keller leads the Retail, Wholesale Distribution, Consumer Products and Life Sciences Industries with a strong focus on helping SAP customers transform their business and derive value while getting closer to their customers. Mitchell-Keller drives strong collaboration across regions’ customers and partners through the established SAP integrated operational model. By taking the industry view to customer collaboration and offering actionable cloud road maps by industry, the Consumer Industries organization serves those customers across every cloud deployment model (private, public and hybrid) and of any business size, anywhere in the world. “Industry expertise at SAP has always been a key differentiator for the company,” said Bakey. “Enabling our customers to approach their digital transformation through an industry lens, mapped to the full end-to-end portfolio that only SAP can offer, helps them to not only Run Simple but also tap limitless opportunity for future growth. Lori brings a combination of deep consumer expertise and business leadership in the technology space. I am delighted that she will be a driving force for bringing SAP Consumer Industries’ solutions to market.” Mitchell-Keller will lead a team dedicated to addressing today’s most pressing and vitally important consumer industry-specific issues. From retail to life sciences, each industry has unique customer and employee needs; however, across all industries, customers using SAP software have come to expect fast, intuitive and rich user experiences. The Consumer Industries team will continue to focus on offering the right mix of cloud and on-premise technology solutions that customers can use to reimagine their future, improve their efficiency and enrich the quality of life for the consumers they serve. “We have an exceptional opportunity to accelerate our customers’ digital transformation with our end-to-end solutions as well as the simplicity and strength of our unique integrated operating model,” said Mitchell-Keller. “The close collaboration across all primary SAP business domains ensures an end-to-end approach to defining and delivering value by placing the customer at the center of everything we do. I am excited about the new areas of value this model and organization can capitalize on for our customers going forward.” Mitchell-Keller brings to her current role over 25 years of experience in the software and consumer goods industries, including more than 15 years as an executive driving business strategy while building strong and sustainable relationships with customers, partners, financial analysts and industry experts. She has a remarkably diverse background, holding leadership positions in the entire solution lifecycle: development, product management, solution marketing, corporate marketing, and partnership development and management. She is currently serving a three-year term on the prestigious National Retail Federation Board of Directors and is the executive sponsor of SAP’s Consumer Industries Business Women’s Network. Mitchell-Keller’s depth of industry experience and knowledge of industry-specific business processes make her uniquely qualified to lead the SAP Consumer Industries organization. Mitchell-Keller holds an MBA from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University, a master’s degree in operations research from Stanford University and a bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering from Iowa State University. She is based in the Washington, D.C., office. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Stacy Ries, +1 (484) 619-0411, stacy.ries@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo via Shutterstock
