WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the release of version 17 of the SAP SQL Anywhere suite, a leading enterprise-ready, embeddable database technology with more than 12 million installations. Now Internet of Things (IoT) systems and data-intensive mobile apps can leverage the new remote data synchronization capabilities of SAP SQL Anywhere with the SAP HANA platform to help securely move data between the enterprise and remote locations at the edge of the network. “With the latest release of SAP SQL Anywhere, enterprise data can be securely captured, accessed and fed back into SAP HANA from remote workplaces such as retail stores, restaurants and satellite offices within large enterprises,” said Ken Tsai, vice president of Platform Technology, Platform Solutions Group, SAP. “Customers can also collect and analyze IoT data required for performing critical tasks at distant locations with low bandwidth or intermittent connections or even while offline. The SAP HANA platform continues to spur innovation for customers by embracing the pervasiveness of information at the network edge to help reduce operational costs and improve worker productivity.” The release of SAP SQL Anywhere version 17 benefits customers in three key areas:  Performance on a wide variety of IoT platforms: The new version can automatically detect changes to the deployment environment and provide optimal performance whether the server is running on a smart meter or vending machine. New database administrator (DBA) cockpit and application profiling tools provide enhanced monitoring and diagnostic capabilities to help support new IoT application scenarios. To facilitate a faster and easier development process, the new release also supports a wide variety of modern programming languages and environments, including support for Javascript stored procedures and functions. Smart, secure synchronization with cloud and on-premise systems: With improved encryption and data isolation, customers can help protect their data while at rest on edge devices and during synchronization to the data center, whether on premise or in the cloud. Synchronization from edge devices and IoT applications to SAP enterprise systems is significantly improved with tighter integration with the SAP HANA platform and expanded support for newer versions of the most popular databases. Always-on, always available operation: The down-time for SAP SQL Anywhere database maintenance and application upgrades is significantly reduced with new features, including online rebuild, dynamic starting and stopping of connection protocols, and point-in-time recovery.  To download the latest version of SAP SQL Anywhere, visit the SAP Store. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Scott Malinowski, +1 (617) 538-6297, scott.malinowski@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Announces Second Quarter and First Half 2015 Results
July 21, 2015 by SAP News
