Imagine Dragons and SAP Join Forces to Introduce the One4 Project to Assist Refugees
October 12, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — With hundreds of thousands of refugees in urgent need of humanitarian assistance, particularly across the Middle East and Europe, Imagine Dragons and SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) are joining forces to introduce the One4 Project to support refugee relief efforts. The One4 Project symbolizes the exponential power of one by encouraging people to download the Imagine Dragons’ newly released song “I Was Me,” now available exclusively on iTunes worldwide at iTunes.com/IWasMe. Apple, KIDinaKORNER/Interscope and Imagine Dragons will donate their respective proceeds to the UN Refugee Agency (UNHCR). Further, SAP will also donate USD 10 cents for every download up to the first 5 million downloads from iTunes. KIDinaKORNER/Interscope recording artist Imagine Dragons is scheduled to publicly perform “I Was Me” tonight for the first time, live from the SAP Arena in Mannheim, Germany. The SAP Arena is among the first stops of the band’s Smoke + Mirrors European leg. “The refugee crisis is incredibly urgent in terms of the number of vulnerable people being affected every single day. As a band we wanted to get involved and decided to partner with SAP and Apple to try and make a difference,” said Dan Reynolds, lead singer of Imagine Dragons. “‘I Was Me’ is a song about trying to regain your life, which is exactly what millions of people are going through right now. Whether it is by downloading this track or by other means, we hope people everywhere recognize the severity of the situation and find a way to assist these families in desperate need.” “SAP’s culture is reflected in our vision of helping the world run better and improving people’s lives. When one of our employees had an idea of how SAP could use two of our greatest strengths —  our employees and our expansive network of customers, partners and friends — we felt compelled to see this idea through to fruition,” said Robert Enslin, member of the Executive Board of SAP SE. “Uniting the passion that SAP and our friends at Imagine Dragons and iTunes share for social responsibility through the One4 Project is a natural extension of these networks in action and represents the power one idea can have when supported by many.” Funds raised will benefit the UN Refugee Agency in their efforts to provide aid and assistance to the increasing numbers of people forced to flee their homes due to conflict and violence, many of whom continue to risk their lives crossing the Mediterranean Sea. As fall turns to winter, the challenges faced by these refugees will only increase. To support the UN Refugee Agency by downloading “I Was Me” from iTunes, visit here. To learn more about the UN Refugee Agency, visit here. For more information, visit the One4 Project page on sap.com. In addition to downloading “I Was Me,” from iTunes, supporters can get behind the social campaign by sharing photos using the hashtag #one4 and posting them to the One4 Project pages on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Learn More Helping the world run better starts with one person, one act, one download.  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About UNHCR The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was established on December 14, 1950 by the United Nations General Assembly. The agency is mandated to lead and co-ordinate international action to protect refugees and resolve refugee problems worldwide. Its primary purpose is to safeguard the rights and well-being of refugees. It strives to ensure that everyone can exercise the right to seek asylum and find safe refuge in another State, with the option to return home voluntarily, integrate locally or to resettle in a third country. It also has a mandate to help stateless people. In more than six decades, the agency has helped tens of millions of people restart their lives. Today, a staff of some 9,300 people in more than 127 countries continues to help almost 60 million people. Learn more at www.unhcr.org and www.facebook.com/UNHCR About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 293,500 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Tara Degler, SAP, +1 (610) 661-8483, tara.degler@sap.com, EDT Dana Roesiger, SAP, +(49) 6227 7-63900, dana.roesiger@sap.com, CET SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices.
