SAP Unveils SAP Digital Consumer Insight, New Data Offering To Understand Customers Right Now
May 19, 2016 by SAP News
ORLANDO — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the SAP Digital Consumer Insight data service, SAP’s first data offering, which delivers insights that can be purchased affordably and easily with a credit card at SAPStore.com. The announcement was made at the 28th annual SAPPHIRE NOW conference. Users of the service receive a deeper, more accurate understanding of physical consumer behavior, helping determine the demographics of people coming through a store or point of interest (POI). Insights are based on near-real-time mobile data, providing details on where consumers are coming from, age groups and gender, comparison with other locations and/or competitors, and the devices they are using. By capturing consumer “mobile moments” in and around a specific location, users gain insights that they can apply to advertising, proximity marketing, location planning and sales strategies and campaigns. “A crowd can change from night to night. We want to be able to customize the overall experience as much as possible — from music to menu to drink specials,” said Emma Matthieson, director of marketing, Brooklyn Bowl. “SAP Digital Consumer Insight lets us see the mix of people coming in for each event. We can also tailor our advertising to bring in similar people who will love the experience.” SAP Digital Consumer Insight uses the latest analytics, in-memory and cloud technologies to harness mobile network data, so users can develop smarter, more impactful marketing and customer relationship management (CRM) strategies. Since data is anonymized and aggregated before it is provided, the privacy of individual subscribers is preserved. “A wealth of information is available about consumer behavior online but, until now, it was impractical for businesses to get similar information about consumer behavior at physical locations,” said Jonathan Becher, chief digital officer and head of SAP Digital. “SAP Digital Consumer Insight allows businesses of every size to benefit from knowing more about consumers at a given location. The insights will allow them to improve their products and services, run better marketing campaigns, scout locations for expansion and even learn more about competitors.” Initially, the service is based on U.S. mobile data, though insights can be purchased wherever SAP Store is available. SAP plans to add data from additional geographies by the end of the year. It allows users to start small at a digital-friendly price of US$439 (€399), which provides access to one data file, or they can access five data files for $1,429 (€1,299), making it especially useful for “do-it-yourself” marketers, independent retailers and business owners, and those in marketing, sales and planning departments and agencies. In addition to SAP Digital Consumer Insight, SAP offers the SAP Consumer Insight 365 mobile service, an enterprise cloud software solution for those who want access to more comprehensive behavior and location data for the United States and other geographies. SAP Provides the Only True App Marketplace This latest offering, available in a self-service, do-it-yourself mode at SAPStore.com, fits seamlessly with the SAP Digital group’s mission to allow anyone to buy and use SAP and partner offerings — including software, education and data/content — simply through a digital purchase within minutes, with as little human interaction as is desired. “Of the major independent software vendors, SAP provides the only true marketplace: every offering on the store can be purchased with a credit card,” wrote Liz Herbert, vice president, principal analyst, Application Development &amp; Delivery, Forrester. “SAP offers both a marketplace available on a public URL that anyone can access and in-application purchasing within some SAP products.”* For more information, click to download this recent Forrester report. Customers are benefiting from live, digital offerings from SAP and its partners. They are now available online globally in approximately 190 countries (up from 32) at SAPStore.com, beginning with the SAP Digital CRM solution and the SAP Crystal solutions, with plans for all major offerings from SAP Digital to be available worldwide by year end. Additionally, through participation in SAPStore.com, partners are able to grow their market presence, extend customer reach and drive bookings. Click here to read comments from partners about their participation in SAPStore.com. For more information, visit SAP online at digital.sap.com, www.SAPStore.com or the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @sapstore. This slideshow requires JavaScript. SAPPHIRE NOW, May 17-19, 2016, Orlando, Florida, USA The 28th annual SAPPHIRE NOW conference will bring more than 20,000 in-person and over 150,000 online participants together to engage in dialogue with peers and thought leaders around the globe. With nearly 1,000 C-level executives and 260 exhibitors, this real-time event connects attendees on a range of topics: future of work, digital core, digital supply networks, digital customer experiences, the Internet of Things. Whether on site or online, participants can gain insight into how SAP delivers on its strategy and helps organizations around the world Run Simple. Follow the event on Twitter at @SAPPHIRENOW. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 310,000 business and public sector customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products:  Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Amanda Mountain, +1 (315) 878-2290, amanda.mountain@sap.com, ET Cindy McKendry, +1 (503) 231-7274, cindy.mckendry@sap.com, PT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2016 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Top image via Shutterstock
