WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced the appointment of Rob Hetherington as the new global head of the Financial Services Industries organization of SAP. In this role, Hetherington will be responsible for leading the business strategy for SAP in financial services, which includes banking, insurance and capital market deployments across the globe. Hetherington succeeds Ross Wainwright, who has been appointed general manager and global lead for SAP S/4HANA, cloud edition, at SuccessFactors, an SAP company. “Rob has a proven track record in the financial services sector and is uniquely suited to take on this global role as the head of SAP’s Financial Services Industries organization,” said Pat Bakey, president, Industry Cloud, SAP. “Thanks to his outstanding industry knowledge and international background, he will provide the direction and the leadership necessary to continue our growth in this strategic area of SAP.” Hetherington will lead a team dedicated to executing the customer-centric and innovation-driven strategy of SAP in financial services. His organization´s objective is to help customers transform their legacy applications and architecture to meet industry challenges and accelerate their modernization, standardization and innovation programs. Previously, Hetherington served as general manager of the financial services business for SAP in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). In this role, he drove and built a scalable and innovative business across EMEA that used the full set of SAP industry solutions, specialist solutions, services and maintenance features. Hetherington has worked as a banker and a consultant internationally across Europe, the United States and southern Africa. “Legacy applications and architecture continue to be an obstacle to the increasing demands placed on our financial services customers,” said Hetherington. “I look forward to expanding SAP´s progress towards helping customers not only transform their businesses, but also enabling these clients to exceed the expectations of their customers.” As a result of Hetherington’s appointment, Laurence Leyden will take over as general manager for the financial services business in EMEA with immediate effect. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contacts: Birgit Dolny, +49 (6227) 7-61664, birgit.dolny@sap.com, CET Britney Schaeffer, +1 (212) 453-2457, britney.schaeffer@fleishman.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP and the European Space Agency Name Space App Camp Prize Winner
February 22, 2016 by SAP News
