May 4, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced it has been placed in the leader’s quadrant of the 2015 Gartner report “Magic Quadrant for Sales and Operations Planning Systems of Differentiation,” evaluated for the SAP Integrated Business Planning solution. “We believe this is a validation of our investment and efforts in SAP Integrated Business Planning, and SAP is positioned in the leader’s quadrant,” said Hans Thalbauer, senior vice president, Line-of-Business Solutions for Extended Supply Chain, SAP. “We feel our position in the sales and operations planning leader’s quadrant is an exciting milestone for SAP supply chain management, and we will continue to deliver innovations to maintain this leadership position.” SAP Integrated Business Planning was developed to deliver analysis results and share alerts of real-time information across the end-to-end supply and demand network through the speed of the SAP HANA platform. It supports fast adoption through the SAP Cloud portfolio. Specifically, the solution offers a collaborative, cross-functional environment for sales and operations planning, short-term demand sensing, long-term demand planning, multiechelon inventory optimization, supply analysis and supply chain performance monitoring. With this solution, SAP supports companies  to:  Harmonize planning across corporate functions through a collaborative planning environment React more quickly to changes in demand and capture more sales with the speed of the SAP HANA platform Ensure plans are put into action by setting granular key operating targets Enable more consistent and actionable plans with one common data model Manage the complexity and uncertainty of the demand network Align sales and operations with financial targets to improve profitability  For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SCMatSAP. Media Contact: Angela Schwecke, +1 (416) 791-2692, angela.schwecke@sap.com, EDT *Gartner “Magic Quadrant for Sales &amp; Operations Planning System of Differentiation, 2015”, April 29, 2015, by Tim Payne Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP to Host Press Conference and Financial Analyst and Investor Conference from SAPPHIRE NOW
