SAP and SuccessFactors Introduce Next Generation of Intelligent HCM Software
August 11, 2015 by SAP News
LAS VEGAS — Managing changes to employee data can be costly and consume excess company resources each year. HR processes often include disparate transactions that cross multiple organizational boundaries, leading to wasted time managing the complexity and correcting errors. Most human capital management (HCM) software can’t handle this end-to-end view, forcing end users to guess what they need to do or rely on costly shared services. HR and employees need software that can quickly and easily guide them through the necessary steps when dealing with an employee change. Today, SuccessFactors, a leader in cloud-based human resources software and an SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) company, is introducing new capabilities in the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite that transform the entire concept of HR service delivery, moving from series of individual and isolated self-services into end-to-end intelligent services that can easily cross software modules and integrate processes. Intelligent services are designed to connect – and even predict – the impending transactions resulting from a change and automatically adjust them for the user, helping improve the employee experience and reduce reliance on – and cost of – shared services. This announcement was made at SuccessConnect 2015, being held August 10–12 in Las Vegas. “We are taking the guesswork out of self-service by evolving to software-driven intelligent services,” said Mike Ettling, president, HR Line of Business at SuccessFactors. “Relying on software-driven intelligence to remove complexity from typical HR transactions, employees are empowered to do more on their own, reducing expenses in shared services and business process outsourcing (BPO).” With intelligent services, managed in the new event center from SuccessFactors, individual transactions that make up common workforce events but cross multiple systems and software modules are consolidated into a single experience. Instead of managers or business partners having to guess all of the relevant tasks when a change takes place, or rely on shared services to fill the gaps, SAP SuccessFactors solutions do it for them, freeing up valuable manager and employee time. For example, workforce changes triggered by the SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central solution can be cascaded to other solutions such as SAP SuccessFactors Learning and SAP SuccessFactors Performance &amp; Goals, as well as third-party systems. The end result is a simpler and more efficient employee experience, helping rapidly changing companies manage employee changes and transitions smoothly and reducing the costs of shared services and BPO. Unlike any other, the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite enables an HR transformation based on intelligent services that is:  Integrated: An HR transaction no longer begins and ends with a core HR system but extends across all impacted modules to create an end-to-end, complete process. Intelligent: Each capability is aware of the smallest changes that happen in another and automatically responds with intelligence. It predicts the next step in the change, guiding users to the right place according to existing rules based on groups, role-based permissions and notifications. Efficient: Intuitive software fills the gaps instead of HR, shared services, or business process outsourcers, helping reduce time and expense spent on tasks that don’t drive value to the business. HR professionals can easily configure workforce changes based on rules and settings, allowing the right steps to be presented at the right time.  “We will deploy these more intelligent capabilities from SuccessFactors to empower our HR teams to be more streamlined,” said Marc Farrugia, vice president of human resources at Sun Communities. “We’re looking forward to the next generation of HR software that is capable of handling business changes, providing a world-class experience and equipping HR to make more informed strategic decisions.” Available now are 16 predefined workforce changes – including becoming a manager, leave of absence, hire, termination, change in employee info, change in job info, and more  – and new events are planned in future releases of SAP SuccessFactors solutions. The SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite can even be linked to external systems to enable integration with third-party applications. HR administrators can also easily configure intelligent services based on rules and notifications settings within the event center. For more information on intelligent services and the event center from SuccessFactors and SAP, visit www.successfactors.com/en_us/lp/intelligent-services.html. Follow SuccessFactors on Twitter at @successfactors. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. About SAP As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable more than 293,500 customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Note to editors: To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels. To view video stories on diverse topics, visit www.sap-tv.com. From this site, you can embed videos into your own Web pages, share video via email links, and subscribe to RSS feeds from SAP TV. For customers interested in learning more about SAP products: Global Customer Center: +49 180 534-34-24 United States Only: 1 (800) 872-1SAP (1-800-872-1727) For more information, press only: Bri Vellis, +1 (650) 425-0278, bri.vellis@sap.com, PT SAP News Center press room; press@sap.com Adam Novak, PAN Communications, +1 (617) 502-4300, sap@pancomm.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2015 SAP SE. All rights reserved. SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/legal/copyright/index.epx#trademark for additional trademark information and notices. Photo: Shutterstock
