BARCELONA — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) and the SAP University Alliances program today announced the global launch of SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation, an initiative to engage and prepare executives and professionals to lead their organizations to become digital enterprises in collaboration with academia and partners. The announcement was made at Mobile World Congress, being held February 22–25 2016, in Barcelona, Spain. “SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation enables business leaders, IT executives, IT experts and end users in the SAP ecosystem to acquire the skills required to be successful in the digital transformation,” said Dr. Bernd Welz, executive vice president and head of Scale, Enablement &amp; Transformation, SAP SE. A key part of SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation is Digital Transformation Academy, which provides business leaders and IT professionals a home base for learning opportunities and collaboration with peers and experts to build the skills for their digital learning journey. Digital Transformation Academy makes it easy to find content and events provided by SAP through traditional classrooms and digital offerings including SAP Learning Hub, the openSAP platform and Thought Leaders courses from openSAP, as well as from other parties such as universities. Offerings range from dedicated executive education programs in collaboration with universities, including the Haas School of Business at University of California, Berkeley, to learning modules, to innovation workshops. “Leadership in Digital Transformation” is one example of a Thought Leaders course that provides immediately usable insights for both IT and businesspeople about how the digital transformation changes the way a company creates value, interacts with its customers and business partners, and competes in established and emerging markets. SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation works with SAP University Alliances, a network of more than 2,650 educational institutions in 90 countries, and learning assets from SAP and partners. Offerings include education on the digital transformation for business executives and IT professionals, including network collaborators such as RocketSpace and incubator trips to Silicon Valley. Additionally, an alumni network enables executives and professionals to share and collaborate on insights and best practices to accelerate their digital transformation journeys. Another key component of SAP Education Network for Digital Transformation is innovation with young talents through projects in the SAP Next-Gen Consulting program. Showcases will be featured at Mobile World Congress with students from leading universities in Barcelona and around the world who competed in the SAP InnoJam event “Run Simple in a Digital World with 5G” held before Mobile World Congress at Universidad Autónoma de Barcelona. In addition, students from the Hasso Plattner Institute will demonstrate innovative solutions in sessions such as “Passwords Are Obsolete – Automatic User Authentication Through Wearables and Mobile Devices.” SAP Next-Gen Consulting will also be the foundation for the Big Data and healthcare challenge from SAP for the ITU Young Innovators Competition, which will enable entrepreneurs from around the world with innovative ideas to explore and engage with SAP’s latest technologies, including SAP HANA® Cloud Platform and analytics solutions from SAP, to develop compelling design concepts and prototype solutions to real-world challenges in the Big Data and healthcare areas. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @sap_ua. Media Contact: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
SAP Introduces Its New Chief Security Officer
February 24, 2016 by SAP News
