WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) has teamed up with the International Cricket Council (ICC) to enhance the fan experience around the ICC Cricket World Cup 2015, one of the largest sporting events in the world. SAP HANA Cloud Platform and SAP Lumira software help analyze and simplify ball-by-ball match data in real time, providing fans with statistics and historical insights for matches on the ICC Match Centre. “Leading into the quarterfinals of the ICC Cricket World Cup, this year’s tournament has been the most digitally advanced in ICC Cricket World Cup history, including 3 million downloads of the official mobile app,” said David Richardson, chief executive officer, ICC. “The event web site is fully responsive, adapting to all devices, with cutting-edge design making all the tournament’s details accessible, informative and engaging for cricket fans all around the world. The Match Centre presented by SAP, available across both platforms, houses the fastest live scores available anywhere online. Thanks to the work we are doing with partners like SAP, we are allowing fans around the world unprecedented access to more closely follow the action of the World Cup and their favorite players.” For the first time in ICC Cricket World Cup history, SAP is providing 40 years of ICC Cricket World Cup historical statistics to fans. This data is featured on the ICC Match Centre and offers fans new ways to compare past and present team and player performance. By fully utilizing the predictive capabilities of the SAP HANA platform, it is now possible to help identify some of the best bowlers and batsmen at the ICC Cricket World Cup based on the analysis of multiple statistical criteria. “As cricket is one of the world’s most popular sports, we saw a great opportunity to work with the ICC to help them simplify the way they analyze and share data with their passionate fan base,” said Scott Russell, COO, SAP Asia Pacific Japan. “We’re delighted to work with the ICC to allow fans around the world to feel closer to this year’s World Cup and the sport they love.” Over the last few years, SAP has increased the company’s focus to help transform the media, sports and entertainment industries with innovative technology to help drive team and player performance, increase fan engagement and simplify league and venue operations. Today, SAP is successfully collaborating with a number of well-known sports organizations and associations. To download photos and video, click here. For more information, visit www.sapsponsorships.com and the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. SAP Sponsorships Social Media:  Twitter: @SAPSports Instagram: @SAPSponsorships Facebook: SAPSports YouTube: SAPSponsorships  Media Contacts: Bonnie Rothenstein, +1 610 661 8867, bonnie.rothenstein@sap.com, EDT Jeanette Tan, +65 8139 0076, jeanette.tan@sap.com, UTC+8 Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.
2014 Integrated Report: SAP Quantifies Its Social and Environmental Performance
March 20, 2015 by SAP News
