June 18, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced general availability of the 11.0 release of the SAP Global Trade Services (SAP GTS) application, which provides new capabilities and improved performance. SAP GTS 11.0 helps companies simplify the complex business processes of cross-border global trade and leverage the potential cost-saving benefits of foreign trade zones (FTZs) in the United States. Reduced or eliminated duty, fee reductions and process improvements are now possible with the new FTZ capabilities. Native integration with back-end SAP systems helps enable faster implementations and reduced costs. “FTZs offer companies real opportunities to drive bottom-line savings as part of their global trade operations,” said Bruce H. Leeds, senior counsel, Braumiller Law Group. “Braumiller Law Group was pleased to work with SAP recently in developing FTZ capabilities as part of the latest release, further expanding the benefits customers can receive from this leading global trade management solution.” In addition, for those customers who have licensed the SAP HANA platform, new screening capabilities based on SAP HANA that are delivered with SAP GTS 11.0 provide customers with more options in managing compliance across the enterprise. While the capabilities delivered in earlier versions are carried forward, the new release now offers a third option to leverage performance improvements in screening business partners and transactions, enabled by SAP HANA. Simplified setup and a new search algorithm offer customers an opportunity to expand performance improvements to their global trade operations using SAP HANA. “With the 11.0 release of SAP GTS, SAP has once again demonstrated its continued commitment to lead the market in global trade management and supply chain solutions,” said Kevin McCollom, GVP of SAP solutions for governance, risk and compliance. “Our latest release is providing customers flexibility and choice while opening new opportunities for trade.” Improvements are also continued across SAP GTS 11.0 with customs management, compliance management and preference management all receiving process-specific enhancements. Region-specific capabilities, such as those for general and processing trade in China (delivered in the previous release), are also fully enabled. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Study: Findings Show Key to Cloud Maturity Lies in Enterprise-Wide Strategy
