May 4, 2016 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that a consortium of U.S. hospitals and health systems is using SAP HANA platform to analyze patient data from multiple sources in an accelerated and agile fashion to address the emerging challenges of value-based healthcare. Like many healthcare providers in the United States, this consortium experienced limitations due to disparate patient data sources, lack of infrastructure to support its growth and nonexistent real-time analytics capabilities to help improve care and address costs. By pulling patient data from different sources and placing it on SAP HANA, the healthcare providers now have one view of their patient data to uncover deep insights on demand. SAP helps this consortium share best practices and lessons learned from customers of SAP HANA through collaborative webcasts and monthly meetings, while other participating members are learning and actively evaluating the use of SAP HANA for their own environments. “Healthcare provider organizations are struggling to achieve the timely, end-to-end visibility across service lines required to succeed in the era of value-based care,” said Dr. David Delaney, chief medical officer, healthcare at SAP. “It has been rewarding to work with consortium members to overcome these challenges by leveraging the speed and agility of the in-memory computing platform of SAP HANA to dramatically simplify integrating, consuming and analyzing disparate, complex data sets. The resulting insights are leading to improved care and greater efficiencies for member organizations.” Mercy, Parkland Health &amp; Hospital System and Sutter Health were the first to use SAP HANA. Within a year more than 40 healthcare providers have joined this homegrown consortium. With SAP HANA, members have access to:  Point-of-service operational analytics for high-risk disease cohorts such as sepsis and diabetes Enterprise-wide analytics for readmission risk management, capacity planning and medication adherence Clinical and genomic analytics enabling precision medicine and clinical translational research Tools for personalized health engagement, collaboration and compliance  Mercy, named one of the top five large U.S. health systems in 2016 by Truven, an IBM company, includes 45 acute care and specialty hospitals and employs 40,000 co-workers in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. With SAP HANA Mercy was able to:  Save over $9 million in supply costs by improving its perioperative services operations Improve turnaround time, blood utilization and operational metrics worth over $1 million in its laboratory service line Allow users to drill down from executive-level key performance indicators into the detailed transactions that drive them Gain IT productivity improvements in speed and agility to access and analyze data  “The continued shift in healthcare toward a valued-based care model is driving significant focus on analytics,” said Curtis Dudley, Mercy’s vice president performance solutions. “We’re now able to roll up millions of rows of records into a high-level metric on a dashboard but drill down and explore transaction detail in real time. This transparency and access to data is driving clinical, operational and financial improvement at a pace we have never seen before.” Parkland Health &amp; Hospital System is one of the largest public hospital systems in the country. The system includes 20 community-based clinics, 12 school-based clinics and numerous outreach and education programs. With SAP HANA, Parkland established enterprise analysis and reporting. Now its staff is able to perform deep analysis of patient data to provide better care and service to patients, such as:  Efficiently managing staffing to help ensure emergency services are available at the time of need  Sutter Health, based in Northern California, is a not-for-profit health system with more than 5,000 affiliated physicians. By developing a central system for enterprise data management, analytics and reporting, Sutter achieved:  Forty times faster report processing The agility to manage growth and processing complexity of multiple external payer data sets with internal clinical data sets An 87 percent increase in predicting readmissions. A 1 percent error rate in imaging storage and display The ability to help predict asthma peak-times to appropriately staff emergency services  “SAP HANA has the ability to ingest and integrate information from existing sources of data on demand,” said Souvik Das, principal data scientist and Big Data architect at Sutter Health. “This has allowed our organization and our providers to look at data more prospectively to predict patient volumes at a particular facility. The predictions and analytics we are doing have a real-life application of improving patient access to better care.” For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and @SAP_Healthcare. Media Contacts: Andrea Kaufmann, SAP, +1 (610) 299-7245, andrea.kaufmann@sap.com, ET Stephanie Fraser, Sr. Media Relations Director, Amendola Communications, +1 (734) 233-1483, sfraser@acmarketingpr.com, ET Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Top image via Shutterstock
The ALDO Group Steps Into Omnichannel Shopping with SAP Hybris Solutions
