April 30, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP), the Americas’ SAP Users’ Group (ASUG) and Delaware State University (DSU) today announced the launch of an initiative “Project Propel Empowered by SAP” that will enable historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) to empower their students with knowledge of the latest SAP technologies, better preparing them with critical skills in demand in the SAP ecosystem. “HBCUs represent a tremendous source of early talent that will help SAP, our customers and our partners to fuel innovation and succeed in a rapidly changing world,” said Bill McDermott, CEO and member of the Executive Board of SAP SE. “I am thrilled that SAP University Alliances and SAP’s Black Employee Network are teaming with ASUG and DSU to drive strong engagement with HBCUs to enhance their students’ academic and career outcomes.” “ASUG members are seeking graduates with skills in SAP S/4HANA and analytics solutions from SAP, as well as knowledge of the latest industry trends including the Internet of Things, the business network, Big Data and user experience,” said Geoff Scott, CEO of ASUG. “We look forward to connecting our community to early talent at HBCUs skilled in these areas to enable our members to further drive innovation with their SAP investments.” “Delaware State University is honored to be working with SAP and ASUG,” said DSU President Harry L. Williams. “We are excited to be the HBCU Center of Excellence for this initiative. As a result, Delaware State University will support faculty from HBCUs across the U.S., enabling students to gain hands on experience in SAP’s latest technologies as part of their degree programs. This initiative is truly a monumental movement in ensuring the exposure of emerging technologies to students.” “Building and attracting a diverse workforce is imperative for success of any business,” said the Honorable Chris Coons, U.S. Senator from Delaware. “I applaud SAP for specifically recruiting and developing individuals with different backgrounds and life experiences that will help the company grow. This fantastic partnership between SAP, the HBCUs and Delaware State University will provide win-win opportunities for students and the company.” “I am always pleased when companies and non-profits come together to partner with HBCUs to invest in our future through students,” said Congressman Bennie Thompson, Chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus Institute. “The technology and resources committed by SAP and the Americas’ SAP Users’ Group will help educate the business and technology leaders of tomorrow and allow students to effectively compete in a global economy. I congratulate SAP and Delaware State University on this partnership and look forward to the launch of the initiative.” The mission of SAP’s Black Employee Network is to help foster a best-run culture that cultivates awareness and inclusion for SAP employees of African descent by prioritizing recruitment, bolstering retention, providing mentorship and empowering upward mobility. The SAP University Alliances program is a global initiative that builds the next generation of talent for the digital enterprise and drives innovation from universities to the SAP ecosystem. At more than 2,000 member institutions in over 85 countries, SAP University Alliances works with faculty to develop highly qualified graduates with critical skills for the 21st century workforce. ASUG is the world’s largest independent SAP user group, made up of more than 100,000 individuals in more than 17 industries across the SAP ecosystem, with a mission of providing ASUG members with the resources, tools and connections they need to maximize the return on their SAP investment. Delaware State University has a long and proud history as one of America’s HBCUs, preparing its students for the global challenges of the new millennium and beyond. The university takes pride in its heritage as one of the country’s land-grant educational institutions, rooted early on in agriculture, mechanical arts and education. While traditionally a minority-serving institution, DSU continues to grow in diversity and boasts a robust international population. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews and ASUG at @ASUG365. Media Contact: Susan Miller, +1 (610) 661-9225, susan.miller@sap.com, EDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
SAP Customers Weill Cornell Medical College, City of Barcelona and Northern Trust Harness Industry Cloud
