Startup xChange Automotive Uses SAP HANA to Deliver Social, Mobile and Car Apps
March 31, 2015 by SAP News
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced that xChange Automotive delivers its HELIOS integrated social, mobile and in-car software-as-a-service (SaaS) application and marketing services on the SAP HANA platform. xChange Automotive recently joined the SAP Startup Focus program, which supports startups in developing new applications on SAP HANA. “HELIOS’ future strength to drive social and mobile business for car companies and their dealer channels resides in its adaptation of the high-performing, powerful and analytical SAP HANA platform for global distribution,” said Charles Shamblee III, CEO of xChange Automotive. “Now that we are moving the HELIOS call-to-action capability to SAP HANA, consumers will be able to engage and transact business with car companies at the enterprise level, creating a true revenue channel via social communities and mobile applications.” xChange Automotive uses a targeted dealer database and inbound marketing to help dealers attract customers by connecting with social media and mobile devices users. The HELIOS application helps xChange Automotive convert active users into revenue-generating customers for car services and car sales. HELIOS utilizes incentive gamification, behavioral analysis and predictive target marketing, which helps encourage car services and car sales. xChange Automotive is a member of the SAP Startup Focus program, which is an accelerator for Big Data, predictive and real-time analytics startups. More than 1,900 startups are participating in the program, developing distinct use cases based on SAP HANA ranging from gaming to retail to finance and manufacturing. For more information, visit the SAP News Center. Follow SAP on Twitter at @sapnews. Media Contact: Julia Fargel, +1 (650) 276-8964, julia.fargel@sap.com, PDT Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP’s future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including SAP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. Photo: Shutterstock
